,subreddit,selftext,title
0,nhl,"Can someone fill me in on what's going on with this talk of branded jerseys? Who made this decision and how far-reaching is it? How much of jersey can be filled with advertisements?

Does the NHL not enjoy making money off of selling sports memorabilia? Cause this seems a bit counterproductive given that it'll turn jerseys into crap that no one wants to buy. We buy these items to live vicariously through our heroes. However, it'll be a bit strange if the jersey we're wearing is for a player that's a skating billboard.",What's this I've been hearing about turning NHL jerseys into skating billboards?
1,nhl,"I can't watch local games, I can't play the single-system console game, and now I'm hearing that I'll need watch corporate branded jerseys? It's an awful time to enter this game as a new fan.

Can someone fill me in on what's going on with this talk of branded jerseys!? Who made this decision and how far-reaching is it? How much of jersey can be filled with advertisements?

Does the NHL not enjoy making money off of selling sports memorabilia? Cause this seems a bit counterproductive given that it'll turn jerseys into crap that no one wants to buy. We buy these items to live vicariously through our heroes. However, it'll be a bit strange if they're a moving billboard.",ELI5: What's this about turning NHL jerseys into walking billboards?
2,nhl,,Hockey player hits Russian Referee
3,nhl,,In recognition of Jersey ads
4,nhl,"Trying to fill the hole in my life, but I don't want to pay the $6 if there's no content yet.",Does ESPN+ Currently Have Last Seasons Games?
5,nhl,,Who do you think wins the draft lottery next year?
6,nhl,,"[JameyBaskow] Newly signed Flyers prospect Samu Tuomaala states in a Finnish article: ""AHL will probably and naturally be the starting point, but it does not hurt at all. There you will learn well the local culture and style of play,"" Tuomaala says. Phantoms maybe?"
7,nhl,,"with 57 days to go until the season starts, here's #57 Tyler Myers firing a puck at a mouthy Flyers fan and breaking the glass"
8,nhl,,"[Wyshynski] Aleksander Barkov is entering the last year of his six-year contract with the Florida Panthers. ESPN asked GM Bill Zito if there was a date when he’d have to consider trading the star center. He said there isn’t one, because “I’m confident we’ll be able to work something out.” Zito said."
9,nhl,,"How Galchenyuk for Domi trade is still rewarding Coyotes, Canadiens | NHL Trade Trees"
10,nhl,,"[Pierce] Zach Parise said a few days after the initial shock of the buyout, things got “really good.” - “I haven’t been this excited heading into a season in awhile. I’ve been here for a long time and sometimes a change of scenery is good.”"
11,nhl,,Prose and Kohn: From the Lakewood Ranch area to the NHL? Sasha Pastujov is attempting to become the 15th player from Florida to reach hockey's pinnacle.
12,nhl,,"[NHL.com] Predators focused on signing Ekholm, Forsberg to long-term contracts"
13,nhl,,"[Johnston] The Maple Leafs and Raptors will require all fans, employees and event staff to provid proof of vaccination or a negative COVID-19 test in order to access Scotiabank Arena starting mid-September."
14,nhl,"I used to play Hockey in the Little Leagues (Peewee Hockey? I forget the official name. It was from ages 8-16.) and our team always used either the Toronto Maple Leafs or the Detroit Red Wings jersey designs for our team, logo and all.

Just out of curiosity, is this typical for Kids hockey teams/leagues? Are there ever any trademark issues with them doing this?",Do Little League and kids Hickey teams use NHL Jersey designs very often?
15,nhl,,"If Jersey ads had been around February 22, 2020"
16,nhl,,chel cover
17,nhl,About to be a New Yorker and want to get into Hockey. Do I support the Islanders or Rangers? I’m moving to Manhattan for college and have always wanted to get into hockey. I don’t know anything about the two teams except for their names. Is it like the Mets &amp; Yankees or is it completely different?,About to be a New Yorker and want to get into Hockey. Do I support the Islanders or Rangers?
18,nhl,,Except for slurs and stuff like that
19,nhl,"We need players for our nhl sim league, sim will be done in nhl 21/22",Join my sim league
20,nhl,,The Most Penalized NHL GOALIES of All-Time
21,nhl,,In a League of Their Own Podcast
22,nhl,,NHL approves jersey adds
23,nhl,,Ads on Jerseys Approved
24,nhl,"Long time Flyers fan moved to Orange County last year and this upcoming season is back to a normal schedule, which means the Flyers come to Southern California for 2 games. As I will only be able to attend 2 games a year I am asking for help getting club seats. Figured I might as well spoil myself a bit since it's only 2 games. I inquired with the Ducks but the rep said they are all sold out for multi-year contracts and suites cost anywhere from $3k-$8k. I'm willing to shell out a couple hundred but not a couple grand. Also didn't see club level on sale on ticketmaster, maybe there is a better place to look? 

Appreciate any advice or direction!",Flyers fan looking for help from Ducks &amp; Kings fans
25,nhl,,I should probably get the boot for this but I can't resist.
26,nhl,"I have been a Sens fan for a long time, but following the Senators' pick of Tyler Boucher with the 10th pick, I have decided to abandon the Sens for the Canes. I just want to know what fans of other teams think about the Boucher pick.",Tyler Boucher Pick
27,nhl,,Boston Bruins name Chris Kelly as new Bruins assistant coach .Adam Mcquaid as Player development coordinator
28,nhl,"To me, it seems like Milwaukee is the perfect hockey destination.

• There is already a hockey-compatible stadium, the Fiserv Forum
• The Packers, Bucks and Brewers all have passionate, large fanbases that would certainly translate over.
• Wisconsin is a huge hockey state, with lots of hockey fans/players in the state
• The nearby Chicago market only has one team, and Milwaukee residents usually hate Chicago teams. The MLB has three teams in the area, and they’re all profitable.

It seems criminal to me that Wisconsin doesn’t have a pro hockey team, but Arizona has one (and Florida has two). I’m not trying to say those markets don’t deserve teams, but Wisconsin is hockey country, yet the NHL has never even explored the Milwaukee market.

Is there something I’m missing about the Milwaukee area that makes it unsuitable for an NHL team?",Why is Milwaukee not often considered for expansion/relocation?
29,nhl,"""There's no magic in 32"" - Gary Bettman

Do you guys think there is a real possibility the NHL will start expanding again in maybe a decade or so? If so, how would you setup everything?",Will the NHL expand beyond 32 teams?
30,nhl,,Anyone know who signed this jersey?
31,nhl,,"[Hawley] The Blackhawks have signed forward Alex Nylander to a one-year deal with an $874,000 cap hit."
32,nhl,,"Sharks sign 2021 first round pick William Eklund to a standard, entry level contract"
33,nhl,,"[HabsWorld.net] The Montreal Canadiens have invited forward Tag Bertuzzi to rookie camp. The 20-year-old spent last season in Slovakia on loan from Hamilton (OHL). And yes, he's Todd Bertuzzi's son."
34,nhl,,"[Friedman] Nashville and Juuse Saros have a four-year, $20M extension to avoid arbitration"
35,nhl,,[Friedman] Kevin Fiala &amp; MIN settle at $5.1M
36,nhl,,[Ryan Mead] Blueshirts Breakaway (Rangers podcast) has purchased a billboard on I-190 next to the Buffalo Sabres KeyBank Arena demanding an Eichel trade
37,nhl,,[Ryan Mead] Blueshirts Breakaway (Rangers podcast) has purchased a billboard on I-190 next to the Buffalo Sabres KeyBank Arena demanding an Eichel trade
38,nhl,,"What NHL teams do you think are most likely to relocate, and if any do, where do you think they would go?"
39,nhl,,"Coming from a bruins’ fan: Bruins fan page were literally pissed off at Don Sweeny when Ritchie went to Toronto. Keep on crying Bruins fans, you get what you fucking deserve lol"
40,nhl,Anyone have any insight into how ESPN+ will cover NHL games? In the past I've subscribed to NHL Center  Ice to get my Red Wings games in Southern Wisconsin. That's going away now that ESPN has bought the rights. If I subscribe to ESPN+ and I going to get ALL the Red Wings games via that now? Or is it going to be hit or miss? ESPN+ says they'll cover 1000+ out of market games. There are over 2500 games in a season though. So am I going to miss a decent chunk of these games now that ESPN has bought it and I can't just buy the whole season? Any info would be appreciated...,ESPN+ NHL coverage?
41,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/p5h4du)",Who is the better young New York goalie?
42,nhl,,"Hey! I was wondering where I can find a Jagr Flames jersey, (2XL), for a reasonable price, from a trusted website, like Amazon or Ebay, thanks! And I put a picture of what I’m looking for, thanks again!"
43,nhl,"Hi all.

As an Australian NHL fan, I can’t seem to “stick” with one team. What I mean is at various points throughout these few years I’ve cheered for the Habs, Bruins, Capitals and Blues. Has any non-North American hockey fan had the same problem of “team-hopping”? If so, did you manage to solve the issue?

Feel free to drop a comment about how you found the team you love, and any other perspectives from non-North American fans that might not be related to this topic would be welcome too.

Thanks",The dilemma of a non-North American hockey fan
44,nhl,"I know a lot of people think the idea of any sports league going to 36 teams is crazy and stupid, but the NHL is the one league that would be most likely to do this. First of all, compared to the other 3 major US sports, the NHL is already at disadvantage because they have a bunch of teams in Canada while NBA and MLB only have one and NFL has 0. Because of the amount of Canadian teams, the NHL has its fate sealed as the least popular major 4 sport in the US. Canadian teams in the playoffs and finals usually don’t do well for US ratings or growing the game either. So by expanding to 36 teams, the NHL would just be making up for having less US teams than the other sports. More US teams added also makes it harder for Canadian teams to make the finals, which is financially what the NHL wants. While NHL is obviously the biggest sport in Canada, most Canadian teams make less profit for the league than the US teams because of the dollar/currency difference. Don’t be surprised if NHL becomes a 36 team league, because they’re trying to grow the game and be in decent competition with the other 3 major sports.",Why a 36 team NHL league is probable
45,nhl,"while the younger generation like to downplay Wayne and Mario's dominatence based on today's standards.

Ha

those who pay attention to soccer who know Messi and Ronaldo that is basically who they are

Four levels above",Gretzky greatness
46,nhl,"Arlington Aliens, ALI
Cincinnati Seagulls, CIN
Burlington Blue Crabs, BBC
Hartford Hippos, HAR
Newfoundland Hounds, NEW
Houghton Elks, ELK
Annapolis Amberjacks, AMB
Sacramento Supernovas, SAC
Richmond Rockets, ROC
Toledo Tornadoes, TOL
Orlando Orbits, ORB
Olympia Owls, OLY
Quebec Quails, QUE
Raleigh Rebels, RAL
Dover Dolphins, DOL
Providence Platypus, PRO
Kitchener Komodo Dragons, KKD
Utah Arches, UHA","Hey everyone! I came up with some team names that I’d like to share, here they are in the Additional Body Text:"
47,nhl,,I thought I would share some of my most recent pencil drawings...this one isnt as leafs biased as the last lol
48,nhl,"Matthews has a wrist injury during the entire playoffs, that's why he wasn't able to score!

So Toronto should have swept the Habs and they should have been the ones to go to the Finals!",Matthews wrist injury
49,nhl,,Just wanted to share my favorite one.
50,nhl,,The Pittsburgh Penguins need to think faster about what they can do to get creative this summer. The team has problems with a limited cap space of 1.6 million dollars. But they still have time to sort things out.
51,nhl,,A Canadian explaining where Canadian hockey teams are in relation to US states. He’d be surprised if it breaks 100 up votes. I think it goes viral. Let’s see what happens.
52,nhl,,Where Canadian hockey teams in relation to US states according to a Canadian. Enjoy.
53,nhl,Odd question and I feel like asking here will be faster than trying to grab a calendar and looking and each teams schedule but I’m wondering during the regular season and playoffs do they play mostly on weekends or like baseball is there a lot of games during the week?,Does hockey have more weekend games or during the week?
54,nhl,[removed],Child Tax Credit Scam Warning from IRS
55,nhl,So I live in Canada and I am thinking about getting a jersey. If am a XL shirt size then should I get a XXL jersey or will a XL be good,NHL jersey size
56,nhl,,"[Nichols] NYI, Aatu Räty agree on a three-year entry level contract."
57,nhl,,[Smith] 'You're going to see vintage Corey Perry': What Lightning are getting in the 'Worm'
58,nhl,,"[The Athletic] NHLPA 'strongly encourages' players to get vaccinated, warns of potential loss of pay"
59,nhl,,Will John Tortorella Coach Again in the NHL?
60,nhl,,"[Nashville Predators' Twitter] ""this u?"" to Carolina on a leaked photo of the Hurricanes' 20-21 Central Division Champions banner."
61,nhl,,The do's and don'ts of skating with NHL players in summer hockey
62,nhl,,Early Betting Odds for the 2021-22 Norris Trophy
63,nhl,,Sabres Offseason Depth Chart: Centermen
64,nhl,,Elliotte Friedman “NHL will require all personnel on / off the ice with direct interaction with teams will be required to be fully vaccinated…
65,nhl,"1. Lee: 
Gritty leader who can score; net-front presence

2. Barzal: 
Fiery playmaker; drives the offense

3. Pulock: 
Best all-around defenseman; bomb from the point, as well as from Ovi spot on power play

4. Pelech:  
Easily our top shutdown defenseman; smart player and sneaky offensive contributor 

5. Pageau: 
Swiss Army knife; plays 3rd line center, but sees time on both PP &amp; PK; very valuable player and another fiery, veteran leader; responsible defensively while also solid offensively 

6. Nelson:
Streaky scorer, but can carry us when he’s hot; underrated checker

7. Bailey: 
Savvy veteran playmaker; patient offensively (to a fault at times) and responsible defensively; quiet leader, setting good example for younger players

8. Varlamov &amp; Sorokin (tie): 
Excellent goalie tandem that keeps us in games and, at times, *steals* games for us (as Shawn had noted about Varly in his rankings)

10. Palmieri:
Likely to be a really good fit on the top line; gritty physical scoring winger who proved himself in the playoffs 

11. Beauvillier:
Fast, energetic winger; relentless forechecker with good hands (like Nelly, tends to be streaky, but also has ability to carry us for stretches)

12. Mayfield:
Big, physical blue liner; can clear the crease while also popping in the occasional timely goal

13. Cizikas:
Heart &amp; soul player who bleeds orange &amp; blue; fearless center of our identity line

14. Dobson:
Rising young defenseman who we’ve watched grow up before our eyes; game has evolved in leaps and bounds, as raw talent has become more and more refined; would play top-4 minutes on most teams

15. Wahlstrom:
Natural scorer, who did nicely while learning on the fly how to play the forward position with a defensively responsible mindset; should benefit from playing on an otherwise veteran laden 3rd line, while also serving as a potentially lethal weapon on the power play

16. Clutterbuck:
Gives everything he has on every shift; hits everything that moves (in the other team’s uniform, of course) and will not back down from a challenge; best offensive finish on 4th line 

17. Martin:
Enforcer who sticks up for his teammates and rounds out identity line perfectly; winning player who understands how making physical sacrifices can lead to great rewards

18. Greene:
Veteran warrior who has helped mentor Dobber; plays more minutes than his body is built to withstand at this point of his career, but has a burning desire to win; the quintessential good soldier who will do what ever is asked of him

19. Parise:
Another fiery veteran winger and winning player; has roots on Long Island (with his dad having been a popular player and playoff hero here in the mid-to-late-70’s), appears to have plenty left in the tank; my gut tells me his career will be rejuvenated here and that he’ll be considerably higher on my list before this coming season ends

20. Hickey: 
Love this guy, but he’s never been a top-4 d-man in this league, so it’s somewhat concerning that he’s currently projected as one; absolutely able to contribute (both defensively *and* offensively, plus he’s an underrated hitter), but would best serve this team in a depth role, occasionally filling in for someone who’s hurt","My Dad just sent me his current Isles rankings out of the blue and I wanted to share, what do y’all think?"
66,nhl,"So I was wondering...  
There's a lot of ""talk"" about the 2022 Beijing Olympics, and I'm well aware a full decision hasn't been made yet. But I'm pretty sure NHL players already have an opinion regarding Olympic Participation next year..   


Do you think they want to go? (As far as I know players have always wished to go to the olympics.. \*cough\* Ovechkin \*cough\*)",NHL players at the 2022 olympics (question!!)
67,nhl,[removed],Why is Friday the 13th unlucky? The cultural origins of an enduring superstition
68,nhl,,Holy smokes ovi!
69,nhl,,"Connor McDavid 14x17 Colored Pencil Drawing, 71.5 hours"
70,nhl,,"Sorry the photo isn’t high quality- I finally finished tracing my “NHL” poster with everyone who’s currently playing on it! I hope you guys like it! I’m gonna put posts eventually out there on the progress of the colors, have a great day! Be safe!"
71,nhl,,"Thornton signs one-year contract with Panthers, will play 24th NHL season"
72,nhl,,Jaromir Jagr has 'no choice' but to keep playing as he approaches age 50
73,nhl,"I can't wrap my head around how it is an advantage to pick up LTIR contracts.  Assume you are a GM with a cap of $81.5M.  You have $75M in healthy player salaries and you pick up a $6.5M LTIR contract to bring you up to the cap.  You can't exceed the $81.5M at the start of the season.  When the season starts, you put the $6.5M contract on LTIR and now you can spend $88M ($81.5M + $6.5M).  But that's only nominally, your real budget is still $81.5M, since the allowance to exceed the cap is merely to offset what should have been a serious injury incurred during the season.  My understanding is that this strategy is only full of disadvantages like leaving your final targeted player unsigned until the season starts and you can move the LTIR contract out of the regular roster and into LTIR status.  The higher LTIR cap hit locks in when you go over the cap so my understanding is that if you incur more injuries (e.g. a $7.5M contract player goes down long-term), you can't get an increase because you already got the LTIR bump. 

What am I missing here?  If it is truly an advantage, then every NHL GM would be carrying LTIR contracts to circumvent the real limit of $81.5M for \*healthy\* players.  I don't get it.",Does exploiting LTIR actually allow a team to *really* (not nominally) spend more than the actual cap limit?
74,nhl,"Hi im just getting into hockey and i can’t decide what team to cheer for out  of these 4 teams the devils,rangers,blackhawks and the avalanche what one should I choose ?",New to hockey
75,nhl,"I don't really know anything about hockey so i was a little hesitant when a friend invited me over to play some NHL. Dear God it was one of the most funnest nights in my life,So I picked up myself the newest copy of NHL 21 I believe but I'm totally lost on how positions work so if anyone can give me a position run down it would be greatly appreciated. 

I know this is more oriented to the video game but I'm also wanted to know because I'm going to start watching games and I feel like I'll be totally lost when watching an actual professional game. Sorry for my poor English",New to hockey trying to understand how everything works
76,nhl,,Ask me questions about the NHL/NHL players and then edit your comment to make me sound as dumb or as noob as possible
77,nhl,,Evander Kane's Wife Claims He Told Her He Gambled With Criminals Who Threatened To Kill His Family If She Ever Spoke Out
78,nhl,,Lehner stirring the pot
79,nhl,,[Masters] Amazon Prime Video announces all five episodes of 'All or Nothing: Toronto Maple Leafs' will premiere Oct. 1 on Prime Video. Actor &amp; lifelong Leafs fan Will Arnett will narrate the series.
80,nhl,,Evander Kane's relationship with Sharks teammates and the organization may be irreparable
81,nhl,"If you had to pick one NHL season that defines the NHL, which would you choose. 
Put just about everything into consideration. (best season that’s a combination of players, teams, history, etc.)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/p35igc)",Best/ Most Memorable NHL Season?
82,nhl,,"Hearing from multiple folks that 18 year old Sasha Pastujov, 3rd round pick of @AnaheimDucks , is signing with Anaheim and planning to play in the OHL. He was originally going to play for Notre Dame this upcoming season."
83,nhl,,Rangers Agree to Terms With 2021 1st Round Pick Brennan Othmann
84,nhl,,"[Spector] The Edmonton Oilers have signed defenceman Slater Koekoek to a two-year deal with am AAV of $925,000."
85,nhl,,"[THROWBACK THURSDAY] Aaron Ekblad (#1), Sam Reinhart (#2), and Sam Bennett (#4) before the 2014 Draft; as of August 2021, they all now play on the same team"
86,nhl,Thats it feel free to tell me about them if you want,Kinda new to hockey what are your top 5 favorite players so i can check them out?
87,nhl,"It’s been a couple years since I laced up my skates. Reminiscing some good times

-Do you still skate? What position did you play? What’s something you love about Hockey",How many years have you played Hockey
88,nhl,,"Where Eichel will land guys, lets debate 👀 I think we will ses him in a Rangers jersey"
89,nhl,,Is this NHL logo snapback worth anything?
90,nhl,,Is it happening?
91,nhl,,Toronto Marlies of AHL fire there newly appointed Goalie coach after reviewing his Social media
92,nhl,,I feel like this might be a repost but I felt the need to share this
93,nhl,,Saw this on Twitter and absolutely died laughing (via @BestNHLRef)
94,nhl,,1979 Oilers v Red Wings - Cheap Seats
95,nhl," 

Attention all ZENGM Hockey fans !!

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

We're looking for new GMs to compete with us in our online [zengm.com](https://zengm.com/) league. We still have a few teams available with also some people looking for assistant GM. All transaction, signings and simulations are done through discord and we're using an independant FA decider for signings. Disclaimer !!! We are not using real teams and thus our players are all fictive aswell. More deep information will be explained once you join the league's discord. There is also a Basketball version of our league with so if anyone is a bball fan well that server is also for you !!

&amp;#x200B;

HSL hockey discord link: [https://discord.gg/EpWgeafneS](https://discord.gg/EpWgeafneS)

BSL basketball discord link: [https://discord.gg/8GbgDqa](https://discord.gg/8GbgDqa)",Fantasy Online Hockey League
96,nhl,,"Rest In Peace, Tony Esposito, he was a legend. He passed away on this date from Pancreatic Cancer, and it was too late, everyone, live for today, and make sure you cherish the time you have, any breath could be your last, while it could be someone’s first."
97,nhl,,Reminder that TSN made this hilarious video after Jordan Eberle's first NHL goal
98,nhl,,Got bored made different teams wallpapers and stuff
99,nhl,,Everyone needs to read this book 🧡
100,nhl,,RIP Tony Esposito
101,nhl,,Chicago Blackhawks announce the passing of former goaltender Tony Esposito
102,nhl,Ik people don't want to hear this but imo kucherov is better than mcdavid as a center it's easier to get points as a winger it's harder to get points and kucherov still managed to get in 2 seasons 100 and then 128 points which is 228 points and then in 2020 and this year got +30 points in the playoffs which hasn't been done since Gretzky and Lemieux let me know what u guys think,Kucherov vs mcdavid
103,nhl,"So im used to purchasing NHL tv but that is no longer a thing. So the only way for me to watch out of market games, i live in CA and im a fan of the rangers, is for me to get ESPN+ (Not talking or looking for ppl that stream)

Amy deals or suggestions for a deal. Iirc the year is 50ish? Is that right? Not a bad price but i want to make sure ill be able to see those games in NY and when they travel",Espn+ and how this works.
104,nhl,,Dont know if it looks like him but I tried drawing cole caufield
105,nhl,"BUFFALO receives:
Kakko
Georgiev
Strome
23' 1st Rd Pick

NYR receives:
Eichel

This is probably the ideal outcome for Buffalo if they aren't able to get Mika included in the deal. Kakko/Georgiev are both very solid pieces to build with and Strome is that solid Veteran center that a young team really needs and could probably be the captain of the Sabres at some point. 
The Rangers sending off 3 key guys on their team right now isn't ideal for them but the long term benefits of a guy like Jack will be well worth the haul that they will have to give up. (Even if he is out for an entire season.. he's only 24) the eventual pairing of Jack Eichel and Alexis Lafrenière on the top line could be one special duo.
I'd love to see what y'all think NYR will have to give up, I'm still iffy about the pick but those three guys I am pretty sold on going to Buffalo",What the Eichel Trade to NYR will probably look like
106,nhl,,"Fun Fact: When Oilers traded Gretzky, he was originally going to go to the Canucks, but the Their coach said, “Don’t trade Gretzky here to Vancouver, he doesn’t deserve this, he needs to be on a better team than us.” So, they decided on the Kings, making that, the biggest trade in NHL history."
107,nhl,,"Fun Fact: When Oilers traded Gretzky, he was originally going to go to the Canucks, but the Their coach said, “Don’t trade Gretzky here to Vancouver, he doesn’t deserve this, he needs to be on a better team than us.” So, they decided on the Kings, making that, the biggest trade in NHL history."
108,nhl,,Marchand and Letang’s hair at this time in juniors is the most 2000s thing ever
109,nhl,,"[Seravalli] Hearing Igor Shesterkin's new deal with NYR is 4 years, $22.666 million. AAV of $5.65 million."
110,nhl,,"[Westhead] An orthopedic surgeon in Texas recently said under oath in a court deposition that MRIs of some NHL players in their mid-20s showed ""the most advanced degenerative disc disease you could possibly imagine... a functional spine of somebody who is in their 70s or 80s..."""
111,nhl,,Ethan Bear personally bought a local kid brand new hockey equipment so he could attend his camp.
112,nhl,,"On this day in 1988, Wayne Gretzky was traded to the Los Angeles Kings in the biggest trade in NHL &amp; sports history. Here’s my latest watercolour portrait of Wayne Gretzky. He’s the only player I’ve painted multiple time’s on different teams. Hope you like it!"
113,nhl,,Which NHL team is your favorite
114,nhl,,Examining Florida Panthers Carter Verhaeghe and His Breakout Season
115,nhl,"It is supposedly for $10,000,000+ U.S. dollars for one year. Has anyone else heard about this?",It is being reported that Kirill Kaprizov has a tentative agreement to return to CSKA Moscow
116,nhl,,Color of Hockey: Barnes honoring Black NHL players with card collection
117,nhl,"When the heck do these go on sale? I live in Seattle and know our Kraken situation is going to be quite different. However, I am looking at games in other cities and am trying to jump on them as soon as possible. Anyone have an idea of the date these should be released to the public?",Single Game Tickets
118,nhl,The Montreal Canadians or the Philadelphia Flyers?,What team should I root for and why?
119,nhl,"Mine would be 

To OTT Matthew Tkachuk
To CGY 2023 1st rd pick
              2022 conditional 2nd rd pick 

Conditions are if Matthew Tkachuk plays 65+ games that pick turns into a lottery procted 1st rd pick","Mock Trades, leave your idea for a trade below"
120,nhl,,I made this. The next cover for NHL 22??? First duo cover???
121,nhl,,EA SPORTS NHL 22 cover? First duo cover????
122,nhl,,EA SPORTS NHL 22 cover?
123,nhl,,What do you guys think is the best Stanley Cup rings of all time?
124,nhl,,I am new to hockey and I live in the Georgia area and there is no hockey team there in atlanta so what hockey team should I cheer for
125,nhl,,"Hart signs three-year, $11.9 million contract with Flyers"
126,nhl,,An Early Look at the 2022 NHL Draft Rankings
127,nhl,,Red Wings Prospects Seider &amp; Edvinsson Make for Future Elite Top Pair
128,nhl,,"Canadiens News &amp; Rumors: Drouin, Kotkaniemi, Galchenyuk &amp; More"
129,nhl,,Ramblings – Observations While Putting Together NHL Rosters for the Guide (Aug 9)
130,nhl,,"I drew three players on the Caps who are gone now, that I miss, I miss these guys, and more, like Brooks Orpik, Burakovsky, etc, I hope you like them!"
131,nhl,,i made an andre burakovsky hype video. id really appreciate if y’all checked it out.
132,nhl,,the more you know 💫
133,nhl,,Congrats to the Senators on their first Stanley Cup against a football team 🎉
134,nhl,,Brandon Saad to CBJ trade tree! Look in comments for more
135,nhl,,Brayden Point making his rounds with family in Calgary.
136,nhl,,Anyone keeping tabs on Matthew Tkachuk I’m the off season?
137,nhl,What happens if an nhl player under contract goes to play over seas? Then what would happen if said person comes came back to the league?,NHL player under contract going over seas
138,nhl,"Is it me or is this sign just another one in the books of Oilers hasty overpaid players. Nurse scored 16 goals in a short season in a narrow division, felt the same when they signed the goalies. Locking the team up for not much room of improvement so Mcdavid and Drai need to heavy carry",Oilers big contract for Nurse
139,nhl,Who in the AHL or European Leagues should be playing in the NHL right now?,Who do you think is the most underrated player in the NHL?
140,nhl,,Absolutely dusting the devils in be a pro.
141,nhl,,What does your all-time hockey all star team look like?
142,nhl,,Eichel rumours
143,nhl,"Of course keep it realistic, don’t put a team that has absolutely no chance like Buffalo. Here’s a few of mine:

Kraken vs Flyers 

Kraken vs Rangers

Kraken vs Maple Leafs

Blackhawks vs Maple Leafs

Kraken vs Lightning (I fucking hate TB but the dynasty storyline vs new team would be interesting)

Blackhawks vs Rangers (Two OG6 teams that haven’t met in the Finals) 

I’m sure I have more if I think harder but those are just a few, I want to hear your guys’s",What’s your dream Cup matchup/s for this upcoming year?
144,nhl,"Hey everybody! I want to get my dad tickets for any Blackhawks vs. Red Wings game during the season. I’ve seen so many different dates and I don’t want to accidentally get preseason tickets so any help would be appreciated. Also, does anyone know when single game tickets go on sale? Thank you!!",When does the season start?
145,nhl,,"Thought this would be fun, I have never shared. Going through pics. Teemu was awesome. Nice dude. Minutes before Karlsson went between the legs in 2018."
146,nhl,,What are some unpopular opinions that you have regarding players and/or teams in the league?
147,nhl,,"[Jack Eichel] Sources have confirmed this is not a fake account. Source being me, Jack 😂"
148,nhl,,[TSN Hockey] A lawyer for a former Chicago Blackhawks player has asked the U.S. Center for SafeSport to investigate Blackhawks and U.S. Olympic team GM Stan Bowman for allegedly covering up the sexual abuse of two former Blackhawks players.
149,nhl,,Drop players down below that were taken in the 1st round of any 2010 draft and I’ll try to explain what went wrong
150,nhl,,Memo sent to teams prohibiting fan engagement
151,nhl,,"Paul Coffey and Jari Kurri making their finest dish, circa 1981."
152,nhl,,How much do ECHL players get paid?
153,nhl,,Do you think Ovechkin will break Wayne Gretzky's all time career goal scoring record?
154,nhl,"What's the highest salary in the KHL? Also, how much does the average KHL player get paid per year?",What's the highest salary in the KHL?
155,nhl,,Who do you think is the best leader (player) in the league?
156,nhl,I thought Suter played well last year.,Why did the Minnesota Wild buy out Ryan Suter's contract?
157,nhl,,"Here's a colored pencil drawing I made of Jack Hughes. On a mission to draw all three brothers, only one more to go now!"
158,nhl,Did Zach Parise sign with the New York Islanders?,Did Zach Parise sign with the New York Islanders?
159,nhl,,Who do you think is the most overrated player in the league?
160,nhl,[removed],"In 'The Suicide Squad,' Super-Powered Cons Are Super-Violent Pros"
161,nhl,"hockey game u can watch in person at Greens Prairie Road West, College Station, TX 77845***\[*****2:01 AM*****\]***",hockey battlw
162,nhl,"my ice rink is Greens Prairie Road West, College Station, TX 77845***\[*****2:01 AM*****\]***  
its indoors a recreation cetre",hokcey battle
163,nhl,,I was in Montreal during the finals
164,nhl,"First of all I’m not saying the Sharks have bad fan support at all, they’ve always had consistently decent to good fan support, but that’s it, they can be amazing or shitty and the fan support will always the same, good enough but not as big as it should be. Even with so many damn playoff runs in the 2010’s, the Sharks have never been able to be a big market team like others. I I know San Jose isn’t the Pacific Northwest but they still have very similar weather and culture that both Vancouver and Seattle have. Vancouver is a huge hockey market, and Seattle is already gonna be huge as well, the demand and media coverage has already been crazy, but San Jose has just never seemed to be a huge hockey town, all other Bay Area teams just completely overshadow the Sharks. You’ll never see huge Sharks watch party’s like you do in Vancouver and eventually Seattle. Why is this? Why isn’t hockey as big as it should be in the Bay Area?",Why doesn’t hockey work so well in San Jose?
165,nhl,,Who do you think is the most underrated player in the league?
166,nhl,"Hi all, another new fan here 🙂 I’m looking to learn and immerse myself even more before the season begins and I thought this would be a good next step

Thanks!",What are some classic games and/or iconic moments?
167,nhl,"Newish hockey fan here. Been watching tons of videos and listening to podcasts running down free agency and the expansion draft this year.  

Everyone keeps mentioning the Lightning  and how they went around the cap, or something like that. Not quite sure what they mean, I just know there’s some situation with the Lightning and how people feel they had some sort of competitive advantage due to the cap, or exceeding the cap?

Can someone please give a basic explanation? Thank you.",ELI5: Can someone please explain to me what the Tampa Bay Lightning did this year to “manipulate” the salary cap?
168,nhl,"As someone who was introduced to the NHL by my father, and now work in professional hockey, I had some ideas as to how the NHL could continue to grow. Just some ideas I came up with if anyone wants to discuss I'd love to here other ideas! P.S. Go Blackhawks 😁

https://intothesportsworld.game.blog/2021/08/06/nhl-how-to-contend-with-other-major-sports-in-america/amp/?__twitter_impression=true",Wrote a short blurb on ways to grow NHL Viewership if anyone wants to read and give their own ideas.
169,nhl,,"Hey everyone! Anyone know where I can get an Ilya Kovalchuk or Ben Chiarot Thrashers jersey for a reasonable price, from a trustworthy website! I’m preferably looking for the home ones, like below, I’m the pictures, thanks!"
170,nhl,,"Ok, everyone, I have an announcement to make! I’m officially back, because I missed interaction with you all, but some changes are made, I’m gonna make less drawings, unfortunately, and any negative things I get, I’ll report them and not answer, glad to be back!"
171,nhl,,Awww man! I just saw the news! My favorite artist who draws hockey players is leaving. He inspired me.
172,nhl,,Haha what the fuck
173,nhl,"Can't involve any picks or group of prospects as an add ons, just a one-for-one hockey trade - who would be good to fit that scenario? I think the conditions are pretty obvious: the player has to be young with high level talent (or an individual prospect who is projected to do very well).",Who do you think would be a good/fair one-for-one hockey trade for Jack Eichel?
174,nhl,,"Well then, I'll never speed in Ontario ever again."
175,nhl,,The Best (Toothless) Smiles in the NHL
176,nhl,,Best NHL Goal Scorers of Each Decade
177,nhl,I’ve seen Steve Dangles trade trees and I wanted to try to do it myself. Does anyone know how to execute that?,Trade tree
178,nhl,"The Mighty Ducks of Anaheim used to be one of the most popular teams in the NHL. They had so many fans worldwide and people that didn’t even watch hockey knew them. Nowadays they’re looked at as that one boring team in Anaheim that used to have one of the coolest logos in all sports. And I understand that when they split from Disney, they needed to make themselves more grounded, but holy shit they overdid the rebrand so much. Getting rid of “mighty” in the name made sense, but killing off that logo was the worst thing ever, like the moment that logo changed, the team lost it’s soul. All that global recognition, just to change to an ugly ass black and marigold jersey with an awful looking webbed D. And it never grew on people, their 2007 Cup win is one of the most boring of all time, if they had won with their true identity it would have been 100x more exciting. To this day no one likes the webbed D logo. The marigold and more orange colors have sort of grown on people, but not the logo. They NEED that logo back, even if it’s in the orange one who cares, we just NEED that logo back.",Did the Ducks rebranding kill their franchise?
179,nhl,,Why do people hate the Washington Capitals?
180,nhl,,Breaking Down The Vegas Golden Knights Offseason Chaos! Go to our channel for the whole conversation
181,nhl,"Throughout this entire sweepstakes, it's been the dominant assertion that GM's are being too stingy, being unwilling to give a sufficient return for a player is most likely going to retire as a future Hall of Famer. I disagree, and the reason why is simple.

&amp;#x200B;

The whole point to trading for Jack Eichel is to add him to your team and complete it, surrounding him with the key assets you currently have. Asking for a 1st Rounder, a top prospect, an NHL top 6 forward, and a top 4 defenseman is a whole rebuild's worth of assets. A price that only very few teams can afford. And the only teams that can pay that price, are relying on those assets because they've built their whole rebuilds around them. And even if you're a winning team loaded with assets, those assets are exactly what you want to prolong the longevity of your Cup window. Yes, Jack Eichel is a Hall of Famer caliber talent, but he is still just one player. And that surplus of assets is exactly what Eichel and whatever his new team is needs to win, or stay competitive for longer. If adding one superstar player makes your team less deep overall, than how much did you really win? Plus, it wastes the opportunity of acquiring Eichel.

&amp;#x200B;

Like I said before, Jack Eichel should be the crowning piece to your team. If you're taking Eichel, it stands to reason that you have to immediately go for it, because he's in his prime right now. Most teams won't be dumb enough to waste it like Edmonton is wasting McDavid and Draisaitl's careers right now. So if I was going for it, I would be doing everything in my power to put Eichel next to my top assets, especially since I'd have to be loaded with other numerous of high ends assets suitable for Eichel's price in the first place. Why trade Lafreniere or Kaprisov, when you can put either of them and Eichel on the same line? Trade someone like Kravtsov instead. Why trade Krebs or Suzuki when you could have that elite young one-two punch down the middle for years? Trade KK or Karlsson. If you're getting a player of Jack Eichel's caliber, you should be doing everything possible to trade to maximize the opportunity for your team as a whole and Eichel's potential by putting him next to your best players.

&amp;#x200B;

Trades need to benefit both teams. Yes, as I've said already, Jack Eichel is a Hall of Fame talent, but he is still only one player. If I placed Jack Eichel next to a top 6 NHL forward, an elite prospect, a top 4 defenseman, and a 1st Round pick, which if comes from a rebuilding team could potentially turn into a Hall of Fame talent that you could have for yourself since the 2022 and 2023 drafts are among the most stacked in history, which is the better choice from a team building perspective? If you're a smart GM, it's obviously the 2nd option. And Eichel is at the lowest value of his career trying to get a surgery that's never been done on a professional athlete before, which you could permanently lower his ceiling for the rest of his career if things don't go well? I mean, we're talking about Eichel's neck of all places. When you consider that possibility, doesn't it make holding onto your current key assets more attractive now? After all, those assets you have right now have created a great rebuild, so why ruin a good thing right? It's not like you won't be contenders anyway? Throwing all of that away for one name would be foolish.

&amp;#x200B;

This is why I think a bulk return of high end assets, rather than a few elite assets is more beneficial to both teams. One team gets a superstar and can truly utilize him to the best of their ability, while Buffalo gets a large pool of high end assets in their right suitable for a true rebuild around Cozens, Quinn, Middlestadt, and maybe even Dahlin if he doesn't lose patience and asks for a trade himself. Now, you may disagree with me on this and think that going all in is the better option. And that's okay. But I hope you understand why I and many others think that a conservative trade is a better option than going all in.

&amp;#x200B;

What do you think?",Hot take: Kevin Adams' asking price for Eichel is too high.
182,nhl,"If Kane is declaring bankruptcy and he using gambling as a reason than it’s implied that Mrs. Kane’s life is definitely maybe at jeopardy;-( 🤔

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/oy77dj)","Has anybody from the NHL posted on social media to supported the victims of Evan Kane ? In my unofficial professional opinion, the pregnant wife,mother of his daughter, and his unborn child deserve full support from the NHLPA’s legal team."
183,nhl,,Need help with my first jersey. What is the difference between the $150 and $200 versions? Do people wear larger sizes like football jerseys or just your normal shirt size? Sorry for the newbie questions but new to the sport.
184,nhl,,Former Rangers coach John Tortorella joins ESPN as studio analyst
185,nhl," https://www.nhl.com/news/pierre-luc-dubois-changes-number-to-honor-matiss-kivlenieks/c-325908780
 
 Sent with @NHL",Would you prefer to see the number retired or worn in honour of Kivlenieks?
186,nhl,Imagine if every hockey fan adopted the Kraken as their 2nd team? Lets all be Krakheads,Krakheads stand up
187,nhl,"Obviously they trade for them, but how do they know they're going to have, say, a fourth-round pick in 2023?",How do teams get picks?
188,nhl,,Only 69 days until the new NHL season starts!
189,nhl,,San Jose Sharks Evander Kane Hockey Diversity Alliance
190,nhl,,Last banner comes down at nassau coliseum
191,nhl,,"As per your request, here's Enterprise Center (home of the St. Louis Blues) built in Minecraft"
192,nhl,"The TEAM A goes offsides they must exit the zone and stay out until the TEAM B exits out of their zone. If the TEAM B tries to kill the clock, the linesman can blow his whistle for a faceoff in TEAM B's zone.

This would keep the game flowing, require far fewer faceoffs, and seriously who likes neutral zone faceoffs anyway?",New Rule: No Faceoff After an Offsides Call
193,nhl,"So I'm going into college and I'd like to ""get into"" hockey. I know the rules but when it comes to the players and moments during the game, I get confused as to how fans can talk about that. Again, I'm not unaware of hockey, like I know how it's played but I don't get how to recall information about the game during conversation. I have an ESPN+ subscription, a ton of Hawks merch, and little time before O-week. Any suggestions?",How would one go about getting into hockey?
194,nhl,,"Episode 8:1000 Point Scorer Theo Fleury Talks About Flames,Winning Stanley Cup,Olympics,Career After Hockey Much More"
195,nhl,"2 line pass? i mean, that was a pretty dumb one if you ask me. really killed any momentum of a breakaway

trapezoid? you're really gonna make a rule because of one guy, i still wish it would go away.

ice size? every other country uses the international/olympic rink size right? did they change this recently i can't remember.

maybe i'm forgetting some. what do y'all think?",What rule is the worst to ever exist in the NHL?
196,nhl,,"Episode 12:Grant Fuhr Talks About The Current Season,Wayne Gretzky,Outdoor Games And Much More"
197,nhl,,"Check Out Our Interview With 2 Time All Star Scott Gomez He Talks About Free Agency,Winning Stanley Cup,Pat Burns Claude Lemiuex And Much More"
198,nhl,,Made it for a friend's wedding. Came up with the idea while drinking with my team after a game.
199,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/x20in8m3y6f71.png?width=543&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=fce125607bcbb49e3953afe796b9ee6fcc4b1e7f",Shot Chart for Auston Matthew's 2020-2021 season!
200,nhl,,Avalanche sign defenseman Ryan Murray for one year
201,nhl,,"My dad found this jacket when he visited my uncle's house. I found a lot like it online but nothing exactly. I personally don't have much affinity for the NHL, and I'm wondering how much it might be worth. Any ideas?"
202,nhl,,"For my last picture for now, I made Martin Brodeur in the Blues retro jersey, I hope you like it, I’ll be taking a break for a few months, and most importantly, stay safe."
203,nhl,,The Biggest Goons in NHL History
204,nhl,"So I really wanna annoy my friend, right? So he has a tiktok account where he posts hockey stuff. So what I want you all to do is go to his post where he said he will make all these wallpaper for you and flood the comments. Note you must be following him or he wont make you one and IF YOU GUYS DO IT I WILL FILM HIS REACTION LIVE AND POST IT HERE. MAKE HIM DO AN ALL NIGHTER LMAO!!  


Here is the link: [https://www.tiktok.com/@hockeysgreatesttiktokacc/video/6991863849095826693?lang=en&amp;is\_copy\_url=0&amp;is\_from\_webapp=v1&amp;sender\_device=pc&amp;sender\_web\_id=6963679335664731654](https://www.tiktok.com/@hockeysgreatesttiktokacc/video/6991863849095826693?lang=en&amp;is_copy_url=0&amp;is_from_webapp=v1&amp;sender_device=pc&amp;sender_web_id=6963679335664731654)",YOU MUST DO THIS
205,nhl,[removed],Kathy Griffin says she is undergoing surgery for lung cancer
206,nhl,,"Hey everyone, I’m taking a break from Reddit for a while, but all I want to say is; thank you, everyone for the support with my drawings, sketches, and jersey, it really was great doing these for all of you but some peoples times have come, thanks for everything, and god bless."
207,nhl,,Must See NHL Games 2021
208,nhl,"Please consider that the Kanes are still legally married. Please try to understand that Evan is in Europe with his ex-girlfriend. #9 of the San Jose Sharks is declaring bankruptcy and might have a gambling problem. Even Big-Old-Buff doesn’t like this kid ;-(

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/owq9xy)",Q. Should Evan Kane be sued for trying to label his wife as “mentally ill” because she spoke the truth?
209,nhl,,The End of the Expansion Era in Vegas
210,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/owkmwm)",After the breaking news about Evan Kane gambling problem (mental illness) will the NHL ban prop bets for individual players scoring goals during an NHL game ?
211,nhl,,Rule number one:
212,nhl,"Then after cashing in a few times he would bet on himself knot to skore;-(

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/owje3u)","Dear Fans, Who thinks that Evan Kane’s wife bet on him to score on one of those prop bets ?"
213,nhl,"I'm a pacifist and recently got interested in this sport during the postseason.

I'd been watching the games very closely and seeing grown men constantly get angered towards one another, even throwing punches and sometimes connecting made me turn off my TV, enter my bathroom and indulge in breathing exercises for 30 minutes straight.

I want to continue watching but every time I see a big hit or a fight I begin to hyperventilate. Is the violent nature of this game heightened due to it being the postseason or is this a regular occurrence?  

Thanks.",Why the violence?
214,nhl,,Let’s hope this doesn’t happen
215,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/owfsu5)",Where’s Eichel headed now???
216,nhl,,Who is the best coach in the NHL?
217,nhl,"I have been a casual follower of the goings on in the league for the last year as Covid hockey had not entertained me as much as the before times. 

But noticed the stories of Marc-Andre Fleury potentially not reporting to Chicago and now the reports of him doing just that. 

My question is, what the hell was the basis of these rumours? Was it just another bunch of BS conjecture whipped up by some sport journalists looking for clicks? Or was there actual reason for the allegations?",Can anyone explain the Fleury situation of the pst few days to me?
218,nhl,,Found the hockey stick i used as a kid in the 70s
219,nhl,,🔥NHL CARNAGE HITS PART1!!! (VIOLENT COLLISIONS)
220,nhl,,He's in 🌸
221,nhl,"Ok i cant believe this is bothering me but it is. Lets see if someone here knows the answer.

Last season Pittsburgh played Washington, Washington was losing and towards the end of the game pulled their goalie. You may actually remember this: Crosby got free with the puck, Wilson hooked him, pulling him to his knees but Crosby still scored from his knees because it was Crosby.. But, if it didnt go in and was ruled a penalty shot can Washington put thier goalie back in? What are the rules here?",What are the rules here?
222,nhl,,Holtzman Corp and the Canadiens logos side by side
223,nhl,,Considering that Evan Kane posted this to his social media account earlier today. So If Mr. Kane is found innocent after being invested will Gary Bettman &amp; the NHL’s lawyers take Mrs. Kane to court for defamation?
224,nhl,,So if Evan Kane is innocent will Gary Bettman the NHL take Mrs.Kane for defamation ?
225,nhl,,Here’s your new goalie Chicago.
226,nhl,,Here’s my latest watercolour painting of Alex Ovechkin’s iconic goal from 2006. His goal was voted the greatest goal of the 21st century. What’s your vote on the most amazing goal? 🤔
227,nhl,,"Evander Kane denies gambling allegations, will cooperate with investigation [SportsNet]"
228,nhl,,"For all the Capitals fans out there, I made funny puns for t players who play on our team! I hope you like them!"
229,nhl,Is there a prospect for your team that you think doesn’t get enough attention/hype and will be a solid NHLer?,"Who is your favorite ""underrated"" prospect?"
230,nhl,,"I drew that one all-star goalie from Seattle, but in a Washington jersey"
231,nhl,[removed],Get $1000 Sent to Your Cash App!
232,nhl,,Who wants to play nhl21 right now? Headsets only.
233,nhl,The absolute worst gutter snipe fan base. They deserve nothing but failure for here until they move the team.,Remember that one time the islanders fans threw garbage at their team to “celebrate” a win.
234,nhl,,"My favorite player is Teemu Selanne. Does anyone have any Teemu gear to sell? I’m looking for a stick, helmet, and gloves, but I collect anything of his."
235,nhl,,Evander Kane’s pregnant wife says NHL star tanked games for gambling profit [NY Post]
236,nhl,,hidden sad noises
237,nhl,,"As a Habs fan, this should really be our team dog. Just saying"
238,nhl,,"Man, Seattle traded the Record-breaking goalie to Washington, they’re so stupid!"
239,nhl,,Well slap my ass and call me Sally!
240,nhl,He's got to throw some proverb in every segment.  Hockey Central is so much better w/ Nick Alberga.,How annoying is Jeff Marek on Hockey Central???
241,nhl,"They went from zero to 3 first round and about 10 second round picks within a week.

&amp;#x200B;

Get this team ready to bring Matthews home in 3 years. Bill Armstrong has them on the right path while trying to dig out from the Chayka debacle.

&amp;#x200B;

Now need someone to trade for Phil.  They can eat salary on that too.  He's  point per game player in the playoffs, so someone will grab him.

Devo will make solid second line centreman for someone also.  

Unfortunately they are stuck w/ Keller and Schmaltz.",Wow the Coyotes killed it!
242,nhl,,31 Thoughts Podcast with Jack Eichel's Doctor
243,nhl,,"Evander Kane's wife alleges that he abandons her and their 1yo daughter to party, and that he was betting on his own games to make money."
244,nhl,I don’t really get it they all sound the same but very very marginally different. Why so many rankings and people acting like ones terrible and another is great when they all just sound the same? Are some real horns and others just played on a speaker or something? Please let me know I don’t get it.,Why do people obsess over goal horns so much?
245,nhl,"Still a long way until the season begins in October but already the delta variant is starting to rise and places like Canada have said they have started their fourth wave.

Obviously no one knows what’s going to happen but if certain areas of North America go back into lockdown would the NHL make the switch right away?",If there is another lockdown would teams go back to previous Division?
246,nhl,,Reflecting on the proud history of Indigenous hockey players
247,nhl,,Five Thoughts: Hockey Has Major Problems
248,nhl,,Good listen on Eichel’s neck from the actual DR.
249,nhl,,Quick summary of Eichel’s statement in case you missed it
250,nhl,,Jack Eichel Agents post a statement on their frustration with Sabres management over Jack wanting a neck procedure
251,nhl,,"2022 Scotiabank Hockey Day In Canada to be Hosted in Owen Sound, Ontario"
252,nhl,,"Projecting potential Canada, U.S. 2022 Olympic hockey rosters - TSN.ca"
253,nhl,Like why are Florida teams with Canadian teams but not with Carolina or DC? It seems weird to me.,Can someone explain why the Atlantic and Metropolitan divisions are the way they are?
254,nhl,,"Hey! I’m looking for a friend here who is around the age of 13-14, like hockey, (obviously, but specifically the Capitals), likes to draw, and talk about jerseys and have a good time, Thanks!"
255,nhl,,An article about Tom Wilson pulling Artemi Panerins hair.
256,nhl,,Little seek peaks at the two New Jersey’s I’m getting in the mail!
257,nhl,,Boston Bruins Center announces he’s moving to the Czech Republic to play
258,nhl,,"Lil neck breaker, huh?"
259,nhl,"So, my boyfriend has a shirt he loves. He wants more of them, but I have been unable to find it anywhere. I have found one listing of it, but there is only one, not his size. It is a Pittsburgh Penguins, 2016 Stanley Cup shirt. It is 50% polyester, 37% cotton, and 13% rayon. If anyone here knows where to find this shirt, or a shirt similar please let me know.  I'm unsure if this is the place to ask, but I might as well.

Here is the imgur link to the shirt. 

[https://imgur.com/a/Q6PwF5z](https://imgur.com/a/Q6PwF5z)",I need help finding a shirt
260,nhl,,look guys the conspiracy is true!!! We must spread the word
261,nhl,,Someone changed the Rangers Wikipedia article...
262,nhl,,"Philipp Grubauer in a Seattle jersey, weird looking, huh, as a matter of fact, it’s weird seeing anyone in a Seattle jersey right now…"
263,nhl,,Winningest NHL Team of Each Decade
264,nhl,,"r/nhl who hurt you? Oh, I know..."
265,nhl,"Hello guys,

one of my best friends (18) is currently playing in the second-best German youth league. He has faced a blow of fate lately. Originally, he was committed to move to America and play for a Tier II team before moving on to enter college. However, due to Biden's travel ban, he was unable to move in time. Subsequently, he was scheduled to move and play for a Tier III tream. Just now, news broke that he won't get his visa and will be unable to relocate to the US early enough to play at all. He is expectedly disappointed and naturally has quite some trouble processing the fact that his entire career just took a detrimental beating.

As I don't personally play Ice Hockey and neither know the league structure here in Germany, nor in America, I can't really connect with him on this one and consolidate him meaningfully.

Are there any personalities in America, be it German players who went to America or be it coaches with a big heart for an aspiring German who you would think we would have any chance to get in touch with and ask for some perspective and consolidation?

I know it's a big reach but I am very determined to help my friend through this tough time.

Thanks to anyone taking the time to read this!",Approachable German players
266,nhl,,This is the pose that nearly broke a franchise. Tom Wilson has destroyed more teams Bud Selig could ever hope for
267,nhl,,Bettman 'stunned' by Habs' decision to draft Logan Mailloux
268,nhl,Where is he going and what will the Blues get for him oh and love the Buchnevich and Saad signing. Would there be a place on the team for Tarasenko with the new signings if the bad blood between he and the front office wasn’t there,Tarasenko
269,nhl,,According to my nhl 21 sim Quinn Hughes turns out to be the best defenceman of all time😂
270,nhl,,Solved their Tom Wilson problem
271,nhl,,"[Portzline] Since #CBJ D Zach Werenski arrived in the #NHL in 2016-17, only two defensemen have scored more goals: Brent Burns 76 Dougie Hamilton 72 Werenski &amp; 3 others 65"
272,nhl,So I'm playing NHL 21 be a pro goalie and I'm a 99 overall but when I sim a season as that 99 overall goalie but he only gets a 914 save percentage and 3 shutouts he should obviously get more shutouts and have a better save percentage since he is a 99 overall and in the playoffs I sim 2 periods every game and most of those games I sim I have under a 900 save percentage and need to get it above that save percentage in the third period can someone please tell me why this is happening and how to fix this problem.,I need help because NHL 21 Be a pro is too stupid
273,nhl,"When the fellow taking care of the cup retires I’d like to suggest David Ayres get a chance. He’s an entertaining guy that would be good. Little support for him from the Leafs fans, he’s there zambonie driver and the Hurricanes, 1-0 record as there goalie.  The guy now looks kinda old",Stanley Cup daily butler
274,nhl,I'm playing armchair GM and trying to find a list of players that can be sent to the minors without clearing waivers. I can't find the info on Capfriendly. Any help?,Where can I find which players have waiver exemptions?
275,nhl,,Will Number 87 Be Retired Leauge Wide? *Friendly Discussion*
276,nhl,I made a server for hockey card collectors to chat about new sets and see others people cards.I’m making the server rn and planing out everything so it’s just open for chatting and ideas for the server and name  idea also if the link dosent work then add me on discord and I’ll will send it through dms RNG JASON#8267  [Server](https://discord.gg/9dPrc7j3),Hockey card collectors discord server
277,nhl,,"If you can't beat 'em, join 'em"
278,nhl,"I know ESPN is a minority owner of TSN at 30%. But can my Canadian friends help me understand how ESPN impacts the TSN broadcast? And what that means now that with the NHL/ESPN deal? 

I saw a TSN clip on my ESPN App today which is a very welcomed first. I hope it becomes more regular that TSN's coverage makes its way into American programming.",TSN/ESPN
279,nhl,,What was the players name that was on the penguins in 2008 went to FA signed with the wings then lost to the pens in the finals in 09?
280,nhl,"“You couldn’t live with your failures, so where did it bring you, back to me” -Thano’s

This is your opportunity to get out your laughs, WTF’s, and anger.","Corey Perry is now a member of the Tampa Bay Lightning, thoughts?"
281,nhl,,"If you can't beat em, join em."
282,nhl,I really don’t want him to go. One of my absolute favorite player.,What are the odds of Kotkaniemi resinging with the Habs?
283,nhl,,Darcy VS The Field
284,nhl,"I believe I I misunderstand the concept of free agency. Can so.eone explain to me like I am an idiot.

My understanding is some conditions need to be met, and a player can enter free agency only if their contract expires, but edm did not protect Larsson bc he could enter free agency. I would have thought resign him, then do not need to worry.

I am obviously missing something",What is free agency mean in practical terms
285,nhl,"Seems like the RR sweaters were a hit, will they be work again next season?",Will reverse retro sweaters be worn next season (21-22)
286,nhl,I think Chicago Blackhawks made the biggest push forward!! Vezina Goalie Marc Andre Fluery!! 2-Time Cup Champ-Tyler Johnson &amp; Seth Jones!!!,Who is winning the Off Season so far?
287,nhl,,No one saw that coming
288,nhl,,Xcel Energy Center (home of the Minnesota Wild) built in Minecraft
289,nhl,[removed],What is vphonegaga ?
290,nhl,,ESPN app is terrible for hockey-only content.
291,nhl,I bought tickets to Seattle vs Vegas on 11/9 and figure since it’s on a Tuesday that it would start at 7/7:30 but can’t find anywhere that verifies if this is correct.,Anyone know when they announce start times to games after announcing the schedule
292,nhl,"According to sources if the Kraken had picked price they were not allowed to trade him back to Montreal as it would circumvent the rules of the expansion draft.

""If the Kraken do select Price, the NHL has informed them and the Montreal Canadiens that they will not be allowed to work out a trade for the veteran goaltender that would see him return for picks or assets in exchange for salary retention as that will be considered circumvention, according to TSN Hockey Insider Pierre LeBrun""

So how is the vanecek trade back to Washington not the exact same thing?",How is the Vanecek trade allowed
293,nhl,,Honda Center (home of the Anaheim Ducks) built in Minecraft
294,nhl,All these trades today got mind going and I am curious,Has anyone ever been traded for someone with the same last name?
295,nhl,,Does anyone else like the Rangers and islanders or is it just me
296,nhl,,Blake Coleman to Calgary 6 years 29.4 million
297,nhl,"With ovi signed for another 5 years, I am confident he will pass wayne before he stops.

He just did 24 in a short season, so can easily continue to do 30 a year for 5 yrs, which will bring him to 880. 

He will likely pass 900.",Ovechkin will pass Wayne
298,nhl,,any PC gamers out there miss NHL for PC?
299,nhl,"What is the contract that is going to be looked back upon as just dumb?

I nominate Danault in L.A.",Worst Contract Opening Day
300,nhl,,Welcome to Toronto David
301,nhl,Hello? Are you fucking kidding me that nobody's said anything about it?!,Where's the hate for the Tony D signing??
302,nhl,,"Zach Hyman, a Canadian author who currently plays for the Maple Leafs"
303,nhl,,Brayden Point locked up long term in Tampa!
304,nhl,Anyone know if former team jerseys will go on sale/clearance after players are traded/drafted by Seattle?,Players’ former team jerseys
305,nhl,,Seattle Kraken sign Phillipp Grubauer
306,nhl,"Thank you, Freddie. Welcome, Petr.",Do all Toronto goalies end up in Carolina?
307,nhl,,Welcome to Toronto petr
308,nhl,,Welcome to Toronto bunting
309,nhl,,Doug Hamilton done deal with @NJDevils 7 years north of 60m.
310,nhl,https://www.sportsnet.ca/nhl/article/hurricanes-sign-goaltender-frederik-andersen-two-year-9m-deal/?template=basic,"Hurricanes Sign Goaltender Frederik Andersen to Two-Year, $9M Deal"
311,nhl,,A Stanley cup final between Chicago &amp; Montreal would explode the hockey world
312,nhl,"The horrible rape and harassment controversy seems to have already gone away and i don't see any where near the amount of talk about it anymore.  People are already moving focus on MTL drafting a bad kid, or Vegas cutting someone.  No one seems to care about the horrible shit the Blackhawks did as an organization, top down, knowingly.  Players, coaches, staff, management, all knew about it and i don't see anything happening.  I'm just wondering if there is any progress, other than their shitty PR statement, or if there is an ongoing investigation by the league or something?",What's happening with the Blackhawks?
313,nhl,,It’s gonna be weird seeing my boy Nate Schmidt with the the Jets now…
314,nhl,,Is Kravstov Baby from the movie “Baby Driver”?!
315,nhl,"Hey, can someone explain what the requirements are for contracts not counting against the cap? E.g. Brent Seabrook is retired because of injuries, why did they move his contract? I sometimes do not understand why certain contracts count and others don‘t and why teams are moving certain contracts. 

I hope you understand what I am talking about, these things seem odd to me as a European sports fan. Thank you!",Question on contract status/LTIR/retirement
316,nhl,,"PK Subban, Mark Sanchez, Matt James… what is this? Lol"
317,nhl,,"After hearing of the canes recent interest in certain players, I felt this was needed."
318,nhl,,Meanwhile in Colorado they signing players for 10 years... and over here in Vegas we are letting go of future HOF for a bag of potato chips 🤦🏽‍♂️
319,nhl,[removed],"I'm mistress Lucia❤️fromUSA and I'm 29 years old I'm looking forward to meet a caring, honest, loyal, obedient and trustworthy slave to serve and pleased my orders Add me on Snapchat! Username: Lucia661889"
320,nhl,Every hat out there on lids or the team store is dad cap or 85% of them are beanies like NHL fans only live in 20° weather. Anyone have good sites for nhl hats?,Hats
321,nhl,,Who had the best draft of 2021?
322,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/osws10)","If you had to choose, would you rather see Ovechkin break the goals record or win another cup?"
323,nhl,"Wondering if your guys can help me out. Looking for some players that have outperformed expectations lately, generally smaller names.",What players got called up from the farm team this year and played really well?
324,nhl,"Wondering if you guys can help me out. Looking for some players that have outperformed expectations lately, generally smaller names.",What players got called up from the farm team this year and played really well?
325,nhl,,Poor Fleury
326,nhl,"Hey hockey fans!

I'm curious if anyone has any experience going to a NHL game without tickets and buying at the box office? Are tickets usually available? Regular season specifically, as I'm sure playoffs are going to be a challenge.

I'm considering trying to make a run at Caps or Pens game and I avoid Ticketmaster at all costs.",Walk-up tickets at box office
327,nhl,,I love the way Kraken fans react every time a player is traded XD
328,nhl,,The #SeaKraken have traded Kurtis MacDermid to the Colorado Avalanche for a fourth round draft pick in the 2023 #NHLDraft.
329,nhl,It’s a newbie question but one I’ve never really noticed or thought about until now. Can a player that teams have agreed to move on or trade reject the move? Or is he ‘forced’ to move due to NHL rules/contracts etc.,Question regarding player movement
330,nhl,,Vegas/Chicago Fleury trade in a nutshell
331,nhl,,Hockey fans right now :
332,nhl,,Ovi announces he resigned with the Caps for 5yr/$47.5mil contract. Will he finally beat Gretzky’s record?
333,nhl,,I would pay for that
334,nhl,,How montrealers sees the Habs after drafting Logan Mailloux
335,nhl,,Ouch
336,nhl,,Lol
337,nhl,,The ECHL-player Mikael Hakkarainen when he found out he was traded for Marc-Andre Fleury
338,nhl,,Hmm
339,nhl,,Ouch….
340,nhl,,Golden Knights trade Marc-Andre Fleury to Blackhawks
341,nhl,,Does the Kraken have 8 testicles like an octopus?
342,nhl,,Vezina Trophy winner... for nothing.
343,nhl,,You need a basic understanding of Italian to understand
344,nhl,,After days of hard work it finally happened
345,nhl,,It’s perfect
346,nhl,,Imagine
347,nhl,,"First NHL player who graduated University, and helped others do the same, passes away at 87"
348,nhl,,Hey everyone! I have a question to ask you: where can I find a XL Nate Schmidt Washington Capitals jersey? Thanks!
349,nhl,,More on the Jake Virtanen allegations.
350,nhl, With all the excitement over a new expansion teams in the NHL I wanted to see what kind of team could be constructed from the NHL 94 rosters. I think I made out better than the Kraken did but I'd really like to get some feedback. Thank you. [https://youtu.be/SpX1nrbkX50](https://youtu.be/SpX1nrbkX50),NHL 94 Expansion Draft
351,nhl,,CANUCKS FANS ARE ANGUS.
352,nhl,,Where can I found the RTSS data please
353,nhl,,"Loved how everyone wanted MTL to win in their cup run, now they are just clowning them😂"
354,nhl,"I choose the Habs to root for a few years ago but after their 31st draft pick I just morally can't stick with this team. They have dumped all over that amazing cup run and I feel ashamed to be a part of that franchise.

With that said, I would like a new team to follow if anyone can help me decide! There are other teams I like and will choose one of them to follow from now on. The teams I like are... 

Blues,
Wild,
Pens,
Bruins 

TIA",Leaving the Habs fandom
355,nhl,,Curb Your Draft Pick
356,nhl,,Oops
357,nhl,,92-93 Upper Deck NHL Hockey Complete Low Series cards (Wayne Gretzky Box) #1-440 | eBay
358,nhl,,This is my idea of how the Habs can have a successful offseason. I wrote every move i made in the comments; Let me know what you think and how it can be improved.
359,nhl,,My “All playin playing players in 2021 poster I finally finished drawing with pencil! I hope you guys like it! It took a week! And I’m gonna trace and color it eventually do stay tuned!
360,nhl,,📽 Nate Schmidt makes an unbelievable catch over the fence
361,nhl,,"Mack Motzko, 20, son of Minn. hockey coach, dies after crash"
362,nhl,,RIP young man 🙏🏼😢
363,nhl,,Having a debate with my buddy. Who’s more known in general. Paul Bissonnette or Steve Yzerman?
364,nhl,"I'm currently doing my 2022 NHL Draft rankings and can't think of a player i can compare Brad Lambert to, right now i have Matthew Barzal but if there's a better comparison out there I'd love to know other peoples thoughts?",looking for a good Brad lambert player comparison?
365,nhl,,Seemed simple
366,nhl,"Is there any site / way to backcheck (other than doing it by hand) the rankings of, for example, Dobber hockey's 20-21 list against the stats at the end of the season?",Best fantasy guides for the upcoming season?
367,nhl,,2021 NHL Draft Grades
368,nhl,,[Igor Larionov II] if u didn’t get drafted it’s not the end of the world. there are so many avenues to make it pro. there are so many draft picks that never even sign. just put ur head down &amp; grind. being drafted doesn’t define u. it’s just a title. it’s up to u to make something out of yourself 💪🏻
369,nhl,,Sex abuse lawsuit vs. former hockey coach adds 3 plaintiffs including former NHLer Frank Pietrangelo
370,nhl,,The Golden Knights after they start tanking in the next few years
371,nhl,"With everything going on around the blackhawks organization I am looking for a new team to root for at the moment until they clean things up. I was thinking about rooting for Seattle, but I am willing to hear your reasons why I should root for your favorite team!",Pitch me your team!
372,nhl,,"Vladimir Tarasenko was seen skating in Naples, Florida"
373,nhl,"Canadian Bruins fan here. Here we go, feel free to roast me as much as you want.

4. Arizona/Phoenix Coyotes - We definitely need a team in Quebec or at least somewhere else in Canada. The Coyotes just kind of exist and should've been folded/moved at least 5 years ago

3. Edmonton Oilers - The Oilers have wasted so much talent from McDavid,  Draisaitl and Nugent-Hopkins those players will never win a cup in Edmonton. Plus they keep obsessing about their 80's success to the point where it's cringeworthy. 

2. Toronto Maple Leafs - Don't really need to say anything but it's sooooo annoying when all the media thinks Toronto has a legitimate shot at winning the cup they haven't won a playoff series in 17 years, hopefully that drought will go on for another 50

1.  Vancouver Canucks - They do not know how to take a loss.",What are your Least Favourite NHL Teams and Why?
374,nhl,"I've been searching for tickets online. I'm a Bruins fan in Canada and I want to get a good seat but according to these sites there's almost no tickets available already? Are these just scalper sites or should I buy now?

 [Oilers vs Bruins Tickets, Dec 9 in Edmonton | SeatGeek](https://seatgeek.com/bruins-at-oilers-tickets/12-9-2021-edmonton-canada-rogers-place/nhl/5452741) 

 [Boston Bruins at Edmonton Oilers tickets - Rogers Place - 12/09/2021 | Vivid Seats](https://www.vividseats.com/edmonton-oilers-tickets-rogers-place-12-9-2021/production/3672088)",Are NHL tickets for sale now? First time trying to buy tickets
375,nhl,,Family
376,nhl,,Family is everything
377,nhl,,The only hockey I need is family
378,nhl,,What the fucks are the habs doing?
379,nhl,,Any of you have experience with NHL.tv? I'd really like to follow the entire season this year
380,nhl,"Man, this NHL draft coverage is brutal. Its bad compared to TSNs previous drafts and downright terrible compared to the NFL. Like play some music, show some clips of a guy playing, talk in an excited manner about his potential. Do SOMETHING.",Brutal NHL Draft Coverage
381,nhl,,Family is everything
382,nhl,"I know we're still fresh off the Seattle expansion draft so it  won't happen any time soon but I'm wondering if/when the NHL will add more teams.  Most people I've talked to seem to think they'll stop at 32 since it's a nice, even size for the 4 division set up and similar in size to other pro leagues in the US, but given the NHL's history of expansion it seems weird to me for them to just stop.  Plus, I've always thought Canada should have a few more teams.  Any thoughts?",Will the NHL add more teams?
383,nhl,"So in a few scant hours,the Blackhawks have garnered Seth Jones (whose brother Caleb Hawks got from Edmonton a few days ago)  and drafted Colton Dach (whose brother is Hawks' center Kirby).

Are there any other teams in the NHL with 2 sets of brothers ?",Blackhawks Bros . ! !
384,nhl,,the canadiens’ statement on drafting Mailloux
385,nhl,So I've always liked hockey but this is the first time I've really gotten into it and I just had a question. As I was watching the draft I noticed that for the coyotes picks they were showing the old logo where the coyote is holding the hockey stick. I looked it up and it didn't say they switched back to that one so I'm just confused why they're showing it. Sorry if this is a stupid question lol.,Arizona Coyotes Logo
386,nhl,Who are the people behind the desk at the NHL21 draft?,Question
387,nhl,"they came in to an impossible situation and have made the most out of it, the coyotes might actually be on their way up",Coyotes management deserves a lot of credit
388,nhl,,Cam Atkinson-Jakub Voracek deal
389,nhl,,"Brendan Shanahan, snubbed at age 14, got his revenge on Rick Vaive years later"
390,nhl,"I can’t seem to find anything about it on the internet and it seems like normally they would have announced it at this point. Their website shows Madden and FIFA as upcoming, but no NHL",Will there be EA Sports NHL 22?
391,nhl,,"Makar signs six-year, $54 million contract with Avalanche"
392,nhl,,Panthers to acquire Reinhart from Sabres
393,nhl,"Nolan Allan, the player who gets picked last in the first round draft, and gets picked just AFTER the other guy who got convicted of sexual harassment.

That must hurt the ego lol",Nolan Allan: When you're picked last in the 1st round
394,nhl,Sorry to friends and family Alexander Ovechkin had a head on collision with my dreams last night and we went SKATING,Ovechkin Head On Collision
395,nhl,"All week long I've read mock drafts and comments about the draft and who people want their team to draft. It felt like the majority of drafts and comments for Vancouver was I hope they draft Kent Johnson. Whose prospect analysis says he might turn into a top 6 forward with scoring ability. Then the canucks make a trade that lands them a proven top 6 forward with scoring ability and it costs them the 9th overall pick.

Philadelphia nets a proven 20 minute a night, top 4, young NHL defenseman for their middle 1st round pick. 

The reality of NHL Draft Picks is outside of the top 1-4 (depending on the year) there are very few difference makers drafted in the first round. Take the proven NHL commodity over the chance of one.",NHL Draft Picks and the Fallacy of Value.
396,nhl,Anyone else dont want the kid life being ruined for a mistake lots of people do at his age but...at the same time just dont want him on the team??? I dont like him wearing the jersey and think about the other players how many of them are gonna need to act like they respect him hopefully he find a way out because he isnt enjoying this either,About the mailloux situation...
397,nhl,,Just Marc being Marc
398,nhl,,Montreal really had to go make him a first round draft pick after being told not to draft him at all
399,nhl,Did everyone forget this guy trying to rape a security guard last year? God forbid a sober kid shares a nude around rather than captain underpants whipping it out in public. The hypocrisy is real.,"If Auston Matthews (notable sex offender) is celebrated in this league, then you all have to stop nagging on the Habs pick."
400,nhl,,most straight hockey players
401,nhl,,I love hockey with some BBCs
402,nhl,,"Reacting To Canadiens’ Polarizing Decision To Draft Logan Maillou July 23, 2021"
403,nhl,,A moment of silence for all Montreal fans. From losing the NHL finals to this. At least you still have Carey Price
404,nhl,,Guess my team is the leafs now
405,nhl,,Marc be like
406,nhl,,Gary Bettman 2022 NHL draft in person in Montreal
407,nhl,,Henrik brothers crying rn
408,nhl,,Bean traded to Blue Jackets by Hurricanes for second-round pick
409,nhl,,Jones traded to Blackhawks by Blue Jackets
410,nhl,,"Trying to roast a hawks fan, just wanna know what this means so I make sure I get him good"
411,nhl,Anyone know where I can watch the draft?  Any streaming sites?,Nhl draft
412,nhl,Anyone got a link?,2021 Draft stream?
413,nhl,So even though I’m excited for a new job opportunity it will sadly put me into second shift hours so Monday through Friday I will be working 2 until 11pm at night and while I honestly don’t mind the hours I’m dreading when the nhl season starts and I’ll be able to never watch games. Any advice or ways to watch maybe through my phone ?,Best way to watch on the go?
414,nhl,,"Full VAN/ARI Trade : Ekman-Larsson &amp; Garland to VAN for Loui Eriksson, Antoine Roussel, Jay Beagle, 2021 1st (9th) 2022 2nd and a 2023 7th round pick"
415,nhl,,Boston Bruins sign Taylor Hall to a four year deal worth 20 million
416,nhl,"OEL and Garland are heading to Vancouver in a blockbuster deal that will send the 9th pick in the 2021 draft, Loui Eriksson, Antoine Roussel and Jay Beagle back to Arizona. I like the deal for Vancouver but now they have some major cap issues. OEL is at $8.25M for 6 more years and they also have guys like Hughes and Petterson who also need to get paid. The coyotes are helping the Canucks a little bit by retaining 12% of OEL's salary.","Oliver Ekman-Larsson Contract, Oliver Ekman-Larsson Cap Hit, Salary and Stats"
417,nhl,,John Gambadoro on Twitter: “Breaking Arizona Coyotes news - hearing Ekman-Larsson and Garland deal with Vancouver close”
418,nhl,,Blues acquire Buchnevich in trade with Rangers
419,nhl,Buchnevich to STL is a great deal for the Blues. I hope he can play with a guy like O'Reilly because he can definitely provide offensively. This also allows for the Blues to have $18.8M in Cap Space.,"St. Louis Blues Salary Cap, Cap Hit, St. Louis Blues Contracts"
420,nhl,,"For all you ranger fans banging your heads against the wall after that trade, fear not"
421,nhl,"I found the Ristolainen trade on PuckPedia and I am starting to like the deal for Philadelphia. They add 3.5M in cap space. They still have some contracts to deal with (ie. Voracek) so they are trying to find ways to clear cap, even if it means giving up draft picks.","The Philadelphia Flyers acquired Rasmus Ristolainen from the Buffalo Sabres for Robert Hagg, 2021 First Round Pick, and 2023 second round pick"
422,nhl,,Anyone know if the NHL Network is going away when ESPN takes over next season?
423,nhl,,"So back in 2017 when Matt Niskanen hit Crosby in the head, I was the dude who ran out and got a f*ck Matt Niskanen tattoo. Years later, the best man in his wedding found coverage from the local news (which ran a full feature) here in Pittsburgh and found me on Reddit. I got this in the mail today."
424,nhl,Did they draft a Tom Brady?,"As someone wbo doesnt know much about hockey but wants to learn more since Seattle is getting a team, can someone translate the players they drafted in football terms?"
425,nhl,,Not a bad haul
426,nhl,"I'm curious if anyone knows the history behind why all the teams draft in one room? As far as I can recall they're the only sport that has all the gm/scouts together in one room rather than each team having their own war room right? I feel like if all the teams had their own room they would be more inclined to talk amongst themselves about trading for picks/prospects rather than worrying if the table next to you can hear you. Please feel free to correct me if I'm wrong but I would love to know how they made the decision or any history behind the draft.

That being said good luck tonight to all the teams! Hopefully your team takes the guy you're looking for! Can't wait for picks 6 and 22!

Thanks!",Why do all the tams traditionally draft in one room?
427,nhl,,Three stages of the Kraken expansion draft
428,nhl,"One of the most important aspects of hockey is getting onside or gaining offensive zone entry and this is largely due to the sport having a hard offside line which differs greatly than the offside rules used in football or soccer. 

On 5 on 5  or all other player situations play you want to gain entry in the offensive zone with a carry or pass with carry or you can simply regroup. The regroup approach is seen a lot on 3 on 3 or 4 on 4 play but it seems to be increasing on 5 on 5 play. 

However, it's necessary to use the dump &amp; recovery strategy or chip &amp; chase on 5 on 5 play as many times the defense will force you into that option. You see similar strategies in rugby kick &amp; chase or soccer send the ball deep and try to retain possession afterwards. 

With all the different neutral zone systems, traps and presses to prevent offensive entry  in hockey is their offside trap style strategy similar to the one used in soccer for hockey.",Offsides and Zone entry strategy in Hockey
429,nhl,,Me after learning about Shea Weber :(
430,nhl,"Hello Guys, a fellow Habs fan here and I would like to wish you and your teams good luck in the upcoming draft.  Uh, I wanted to watch the draft but sortsnet still hasn't released a livestream for the draft on youtube so if any of you know where I can watch it online (free), please help me and peace out",NHL Draft
431,nhl,What is your draft prediction for today?,Draft predictions
432,nhl,,Have the expansion draft trades been released?
433,nhl,,"Seattle Kraken unveil their inaugural team at the 2021 NHL Expansion Draft July 21, 2021"
434,nhl,Besides from the Penguins who are the Washington Capitals biggest rival? Thanks,Capitals rival question
435,nhl,"Is it just an understanding that some kind of compensation will be offered in the future? Is there generally a timeline or other criteria? Or is it simply “the next time we do business, we’ll consider what I’ve already given you as part of the deal.” I’ve seen it a lot, but never really understood what exactly it implies.",How do “future considerations” work in a trade?
436,nhl,,"Petition to nickname the Krakens home ice ""The Krak Den"""
437,nhl,,They have a point.
438,nhl,,Penguins 2021-22 schedule
439,nhl,,"2021 NHL Draft Profiles, Rankings, Analysis, News, Mock Drafts and More"
440,nhl,"You don't say? Convenient for this to be the day AFTER the draft.

https://www.nhl.com/news/canadiens-optimistic-carey-price-injuries-not-serious/c-325740048","Price injuries ""not serious"" per GM."
441,nhl,What are the best sites for good and in-depth style team guides for the coming season?,Team guides?
442,nhl,,"New to the NHL, what team should I support?"
443,nhl,,Gostisbehere traded to Coyotes by Flyers for future considerations
444,nhl,,Fixed it
445,nhl,,What the...
446,nhl,,The Detroit #RedWings today acquired goaltender Alex Nedeljkovic from the Carolina Hurricanes in exchange for goaltender Jonathan Bernier and Vegas’ third-round pick (94th overall) in the upcoming 2021 NHL Entry Draft. https://t.co/Zx8iTvDnE9
447,nhl,anyone else feel like adding relegation to the NHL would make the league better?,thoughts on relegation?
448,nhl,"What player was the best bang for their buck? That is, which player made the greatest impact for the cheapest price?",Moneypuck
449,nhl,,HAHAHA
450,nhl,"I know it is getting dropped today at 3pm PDT, just wonder if like yesterdays expansion draft there will be bits and pieces reported beforehand and if so where to find it.",Schedule leaks?
451,nhl,,Canadian Fabric Store
452,nhl,,It should be the rule that the Islanders need to wear their Captain Highliner jerseys when playing the Kraken.
453,nhl,,"My reply to anyone that says hockey isn't a sport: (original photo from SensRapsJays, TW)"
454,nhl,,Arizona Rebrand? on the board at the expansion draft they had the kachina logo instead of the normal logo. Could this be a rebrand sign?
455,nhl,,"Shaun Weiss, the goalie from The Mighty Ducks, has graduated drug court and looks like a totally different person after getting clean"
456,nhl,,Career over?
457,nhl, With all the excitement about the Seattle Kraken draft I wanted to see what kind of expansion team could be made from the rosters from NHL 94. I think my team is much better with only 21 being eligible. I'd really like feedback on if the depth chart has appropriate left and right side player balance and an overall grade on the roster. All footage was recorded from a Sega Genesis NHL 94 cart and no footage repeats except for in-game replays.,NHL 94 Expansion Draft
458,nhl,,"Carolina "" Panthers """
459,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/opfksk)",Should reporters be held accountable for leaking the krakens picks?
460,nhl,,MATT CALVERT ANNOUNCES RETIREMENT AFTER 10 NHL SEASONS
461,nhl,,"Expansion draft winners and losers: Driedger gets his chance, NHL fumbles"
462,nhl,,Watching Seattle takes 2 Fleury’s after Vegas took 1 and it paid off
463,nhl,,34k lakkoilijaa:D
464,nhl,,Oh no the kraken picked me
465,nhl,,"""Seattle selects Cale Fleury"" Montreal Fans:"
466,nhl,,I should have been born in Canada
467,nhl,,Are the kraken making the playoffs in Pacific division?
468,nhl,"As far as I can see Seattle didn't make any trades last night with teams in exchange for selecting/not selecting certain players.

It seemed like every other Vegas pick a few years back had some sort of trade or deal attached to it.

I'm putting this down to a combo of the cap situation meaning teams don't mind losing a higher skill/cap player as much and teams learning thier mistakes from the Vegas draft and how strong they were immediately afterwards.

I know we will get lots of movement and trades over then next few weeks and the roster is nowhere near opening day roster but it was the actual expansion draft lack of trades I was surprised by.

What do people think?

What do people think.",Seattle exp draft trades
469,nhl,"The expansion draft had a common theme running where the main announcer (not a hockey person) and all the guest appearance Seattle pro athletes (not hockey people) failed at relating to hockey and repeatedly got players' names wrong. Like, it's 30 dudes and this broadcast has been planned for how long? I get it, a lot of eastern European/Scandanavian/French Canadian names are tricky to pronounce in the good ol' US of ESPN-A, but holy hell they didn't even try! If the main broadcaster shows up in another hockey broadcast, it's proof ESPN still doesn't give a sh*t about hockey. Pierre McGuire would have been a welcome sight tonight. It was that bad.",ESPN is never going to bother learning hockey players' names
470,nhl,I forgot to tape the expansion draft anyone know where I could watch it online ?,Full Expansion draft online?
471,nhl,"A goalie with future, defensemen with leadership but no top tier center? They had some good options but didn't choose anything on center for a starting lineup.",Seattle doesn't have a real center?
472,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/ay9qzbwh1pc71.jpg?width=1200&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=0a7af457571b70862bb71b7fce11dca83b77ad11",Is there any chance for Ilya Kovalchuk to play in the US again? How real it would be?
473,nhl,,"“All your players are belong to us” sign guy, you made my day."
474,nhl,,NHL fans watching today's draft
475,nhl,Caps fan- absolutely crushed they took VV.,"Happy, sad, or indifferent with who the Kraken took from your team?"
476,nhl,Is there a rerun or stream up?,I missed the Kraken draft and want to watch it. Is it streaming anywhere?
477,nhl,,All the players that were in town with the full draft list.
478,nhl,,The kraken have 30 million in cap space. No way they aren’t going to be making big moves this off-season…. Right?
479,nhl,,When will we find out about side deals that took place during the expansion draft?
480,nhl,,How I want the 2022 Stanley Cup Playoffs to end..
481,nhl,,Who do you think is the best forward and defenseman on the new Seattle Kraken?
482,nhl,"So...no Price, No Tarasenko, no Landeskog,no franchise player...Vince Dunn, Adam Larson, aging Mark Giordano are your stars.

I expect a few side deals with Tampa to get Tyler Johnson, etc. , but otherwise this draft was a bust for Seattle I think.",Did Anybody Else Find the Kraken Expansion Draft a Head Scratcher?
483,nhl,,#SeaKraken made no trades with any teams prior to the expansion draft
484,nhl,,Think iam a krakens fan now 🤣
485,nhl,,Kraken now with the best defense in the league?
486,nhl,,"Kraken will be Calder Cup finalists, you heard it here first."
487,nhl,,Anybody hear this dude call carolina the panthers (carolina panthers) 🤣🤣🤣
488,nhl,,“That’s who we got! That’s the man!”
489,nhl,,Seattle; where our shirts are too small and our special guests can't pronounce the name of players that they had 24hrs to rehearse
490,nhl,,Is Shawn Kemp really Tracy Morgan?
491,nhl,,At Least The Carolina Panthers Have Humor
492,nhl,,How I feel watching the expansion draft
493,nhl,They had an opportunity to draft a dangerous team I’m super baffled here.  Surely they have Some side deals in place to upgrade this roster right?,I hope Seattle has some tricks up their sleeve
494,nhl,,Chris Drieger rocking the Kraken Jersey
495,nhl,Right? Right guys? Especially with no other hockey related events going at the moment?,There's a good reason there's no sticky
496,nhl,,Wait…. The Kraken pass on Price?! Anyone else surprised or am I the only one shook?
497,nhl,"Screwed up audio, boring commentary, mispronouncing players' names (Called Will Borgen, Will Bergen.) Is this what we have to look forward to for the next decade?",ESPN already messing things up
498,nhl,,Anyone have a link for streaming the draft?!
499,nhl,Completely biffed the entire experience. I get reporters gotta do their job but at what expense? Killed any and all excitement for the event by noon pretty much,This Expansion Draft coverage is whack.
500,nhl,"I haven’t been able to find a straight answer to this so I’ll ask here. What ends up happening to Lundqvist and how capitals contract? Since he was injured before the season started, does it still count as his contract being up or does it get pushed to the upcoming season?",Henrik Lundqvist
501,nhl,,"Okay, who’s gonna be the captain and alternate captains for the Kraken?"
502,nhl,"Whenever Seattle makes a selection, we take a shot!",Expansion Draft Drinking Game?
503,nhl,,Where is the expansion draft broadcast?
504,nhl,"The way we think about players has been mainly categorized into playmakers, snipers, power forwards, two-way forwards, enforcers, grinders, offensive/defensive/two-way defensemen; as defined by EA Sports NHL. However, it is possible for more archetypes to exist. 

Can you think of any more archetypes?",Hockey Player Archetypes?
505,nhl,"Hey Fellow hockey lovers,

Aren't we all stoked af for this draft tonight?!

Can one of you please send me where I can watch this stream online? I cant find a good site.. if you know what I mean.

&amp;#x200B;

Much love and cheers!!",Seattle Expansion Draft - HELP ME
506,nhl,"I wrote an article predicting the expansion draft, including all available players, brief analysis, what the consensus pick is and my predictions. With 29 of the 30 picks already leaked, I got 15 correct and I feel confident about Troy Stecher getting nabbed from Detroit. Here's the article: 

[https://www.sportsblog.com/fullermetrics/predicting-the-seattle-krakens-nhl-expansion-draft/](https://www.sportsblog.com/fullermetrics/predicting-the-seattle-krakens-nhl-expansion-draft/)

Early thoughts on the draft??",Predicting the Seattle Kraken's NHL Expansion Draft
507,nhl,,San Jose Sharks but without the crunched stick
508,nhl,,"I edited the Nashville Predators logo to make it look red, and now I want this to be the new logo"
509,nhl,Is there a reason all of these picks being leaked early? Pretty sure that didn’t happen with Vegas. Wouldn’t the NHL want viewers for the event tonight?,Seattle Kraken Picks
510,nhl,,Seattle Roster Based on Leaks
511,nhl,,Carey Price is doing the work to make hockey a place for everyone
512,nhl,,Frank out here announcing all the picks
513,nhl,"Hi guys!  Some of you guys might agree, some of you guys might vehemently disagree, but I would love to hear comments on what cities I would want added, and which I would like contracted.  Additions are in **bold** and subtractions are ~~striked out~~.  and Cheers!

\---------------------

Buffalo Sabres, New Jersey Devils, New York Islanders, New York Rangers

Boston Bruins, Montreal Canadiens, **Quebec Nordiques**, Ottawa Senators, Toronto Maple Leafs, **\[3rd Ontario franchise\]**.

Columbus Blue Jackets, Detroit Red Wings, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins

~~Carolina Hurricanes~~, ~~Florida Panthers~~, ~~Tampa Bay Lightning~~, Washington Capitals

Chicago Blackhawks, **Milwaukee (Wisconsin)**, Minnesota Wild, Winnipeg Jets

Colorado Avalanche, **Salt Lake City (Utah)**, **Boise (Idaho)**

~~Arizona Coyotes~~, Dallas Stars, ~~Nashville Predators~~, St.Louis Blues

Calgary Flames, Edmonton Oilers, Seattle Kraken, Vancouver Canucks

Anaheim Ducks, Los Angeles Kings, San Jose Sharks, ~~Vegas Golden Knights~~",An NHL that Bettman and Floridians would hate. :p
514,nhl,I keep getting updates on who’s going to Seattle. Why even watch the draft tonight if we already know who’s going.,Most Anticlimactic Expansion Draft.
515,nhl,,Are the Kraken trying to tank?
516,nhl,,Why do people keep leaking all the players ahead of the draft tonight?! 🤬 it takes all the fun out of waiting in anticipation for the announcement. I can’t be the only who gets upset by this
517,nhl,,Seattle Kraken expansion draft tonight!
518,nhl,"NHL gets reveal started at 10:21am on a Wednesday through Twitter. 

It is anticipated that viewership will now plummet inside and outside of Seattle. 

Zzzz.",BREAKING NEWS: Seravelli ruins Seattle’s debut
519,nhl,,Carey price not being taken in Expansion draft
520,nhl,"I’ve been kinda curious as to how the expansion draft works behind the scenes. I know Seattle has to send in a list to the NHL this afternoon, but do the players receive an advance notice ahead of the live show tonight that they’ve been selected? Are they told not to post anything on social media? How do some players fly into the city today - do they know they’ve already been selected a few days in advance?

Questions, man…",Wonder what happens during the expansion draft process
521,nhl,,Here we go
522,nhl,,Is Vladimir Tarasenko to Philadelphia a Possibility?
523,nhl,Are the players who are going to be selected  to play for the Kraken told before it is announced or do they find out tonight like everyone else? First year watching hockey so just wondering. I mean it’s got to suck just being told to pack up and move to Seattle especially if you have kids who need to be in school in a few weeks and not knowing before the whole world finds out.,Are the players told before it is announced?
524,nhl,,Any good streamers gonna be covering the expansion draft tonight?
525,nhl,"Since 'the player you want the kraken to take"" has already been asked.",Which available player would you least want the Kraken to take from your team?
526,nhl,,"If this man doesn’t announce one of Seattle’s picks, we riot."
527,nhl,,🤣🤣🤣
528,nhl,,Seattle Mock Draft version 2 what do you y’all think of this
529,nhl,,Whats a trade rumour that you heard after the fact that was deemed to be true that your team did not act on and should have?
530,nhl,,Who do you want Seattle to take from your team?
531,nhl,Where can I watch the expansion draft for free tomorrow?,Expansion draft
532,nhl,"Ok, am I crazy or did anyone else see Tyler Seguin’s Instagram story yesterday where he came out as gay?? Nobody is talking about anywhere it and I’m starting to think I’m losing my actual mind. 

Anyone????",Tyler Seguin out?
533,nhl,,"Marc ""Bargin Bin"" Bergevin is at it again."
534,nhl,,Will it happen? 🤔🤔
535,nhl,,🔥🔥NHL OPEN ICE HITS PART2!!!
536,nhl,,should the leafs trade marner &amp; maybe a 2nd for eichel?
537,nhl,"just looking at some of the names available, it seems like the kraken have a chance to be even better than the knights",Do you think the Kraken will be better than the knights their first year?
538,nhl,,Glad to see ESPN has already disregarded the NHL by having some random summer basketball tournament on the main channel while the draft is aired on ESPN2
539,nhl,,Is Danault finished in Montreal?
540,nhl,,Top dog rent-free Tom Wilson
541,nhl,,The Seattle Trogdor's
542,nhl,,What are the odds Price gets taken by the Kraken?
543,nhl,,Is Vladimir Tarasenko a good fit for the Philadelphia Flyers?
544,nhl,,Check this gem out!
545,nhl,,Word is Driedger is signing 3 year 10.5 million deal with Seattle.
546,nhl,,Any word on if the next season will be in a bubble?
547,nhl,,Is Tarasenko a good fit for Philadelphia?
548,nhl,Bit of a random one but are there any decent magazines (or similar) that are available in the U.K. about the NHL with all up to date news and teams etc? Also trying to help my dad get in to ice hockey more (been showing him clips and games of different teams and trying to keep him up to date). But with the ‘older’ generation sometimes having something in front of you to read rather than on a screen is better for them if that makes sense? Any help or suggestions are welcome.,Are there any worth while magazines for U.K. based fans?
549,nhl,,The best rebuilding GM is Steve Yzerman
550,nhl,,Where can I watch the expansion draft?
551,nhl,,*Leaked* Alexander Kerfoot to the Kraken!
552,nhl,,What would it take?
553,nhl,,"As requested by my Bolts fans, here’s my latest watercolour portrait of Vasy receiving the Conn Smythe Trophy. Hope you like it. 🙏🏆🏆⚡️"
554,nhl,,Price to Seattle - The Simpsons predicted it!
555,nhl,,Your newest Seattle Kraken…
556,nhl,"Came across [this](https://www.nhltraderumors.me/2021/07/mock-draft-70-seattle-kraken-come-out.html) mock expansion lineup from NHL Trade Rumors, and while the defense looks good, the forward group is full of overrated players.

I'm sorry if any of these guys are your favorite player, but Duchene, Drouin, Domi, Bjugstad? That's four in the starting 12 that we are constantly told are amazing hockey players, and then disappoint every year. Again, defense looks good to me, but this has to be the worst mock draft I've seen and this team would not come close to sniffing Vegas-like success in their first year.

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/2tyhv9ftfdc71.jpg?width=478&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=49f271fce227980f75566d8b53812939458b9e41

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/qfqc6wcufdc71.jpg?width=457&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=fc6e5c348c6b56a6f99917c41798c7065323490b",A Very Overrated Kraken Lineup
557,nhl,,Seattle Kraken Dream Roster (unrealistic but an absurd team)
558,nhl,,Tarasenko Wikipedia Already Updated lol
559,nhl,,Gretzky or Lemieux
560,nhl,"^((I tried searching on this topic and haven't found any recent relating informative posts. ..Apologies if these inquiries have been posted and/or answered already. Also, I am a somewhat newcomer to hockey so please go easy on me for any of my mistakes. lol))

-

So we are now going back to the original 4 divisions of the East and West for this upcoming season, yeah? Back to the ol' Central, Pacific, Atlantic, and Metropolitan. 

So it remains true that due to the Seattle Kraken addition to the Pacific league - the Arizona Coyotes will still be moved to the Central division to even out the numbers.
 (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2018%E2%80%9319_NHL_season) - under League Business, and Expansion.  

(https://thegamehaus.com/nhl/nhl-32-team-realignment-idea/2021/05/07/)

-

How are some of the Yotes fans feeling about this move?  Do you think it will be a good move in your eyes for your team - yay or nay? 

Also, what do any of the Pacific team fans feel about this change? How are you guys  feeling with having both of the very newest teams ^(Vegas and Seattle) in your group?",Question for you guys on the new divisions for this 2021-2022 season
561,nhl,"The first ever signing of the the Seattle Kraken, and recently featured in one of their social media videos.

I haven't seen him play, and there's only so much the elite prospects page will tell you.

Seeing how they haven't signed any other player but him, it just makes me wonder? What makes Luke Henman so special? 
(I know that sounds like a mean condescending question, but I don't mean it to be- I don't assume The Kraken chose him randomly, so it has to be something)

So anyone who has seen him play, or is just more familiar with his career please let us know what you know about this guy!",Who is Luke Henman?
562,nhl,,"You're in charge of picking a line up for Seattle! Who are you choosing? 3F, 2D, 1G?"
563,nhl,,Anyone else waiting to see if this happens?
564,nhl,,10000 IQ
565,nhl,,Imagine
566,nhl,Just wondering how many people only watch hockey and if not is hockey your main sport and if you had to only watch 1 sport which would you choose?,Do you only watch hockey?
567,nhl,"Hockey Reference provides a metric called point shares which attempts to estimate the total contribution of each individual player to their team's total points. You may have seen our [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/olsma5/an_optimization_web_app_for_the_seattle_expansion/) on a website that optimizes Seattle's roster using point shares. Now that the protection lists have been revealed, we re-ran our optimizer and are seeing that Seattle may be on track to fielding a top team straight out of the draft.

Before I continue, I'm just going to leave this quote from Hockey Reference:

**""If you believe that any attempt to attribute team success to individual players is an abomination, then read no further.""**

You can find the website here:

[www.nhlexpansiondraft.com](https://www.nhlexpansiondraft.com)

If Seattle spends to the cap limit (\~81M) and purely tries to maximize the point shares of each player they draft - they can create a team with the most total point shares in the league.

&amp;#x200B;

[Maximize point shares with no regard for financial flexibility](https://preview.redd.it/pbzj2fww29c71.png?width=1630&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=2febe25a7b5a841742bd4bf1c5022b6bbb745e58)

More surprisingly, if they spend to the minimum of the cap (\~49M), they can still field a top 10 team. You can achieve a similar result on the website by dragging the slider all the way to the right.

&amp;#x200B;

[Maximize point shares without spending beyond the cap minimum](https://preview.redd.it/9azrl4d139c71.png?width=1630&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=f7efdb89640b9a162eb3d73ab2ab43318b7aa797)

As an expansion team, one of Seattle’s biggest advantages is their cap space. Even if they don’t try to build a win-now team like Vegas they can afford to take on bad contracts in exchange for high draft picks and top prospects.  In 2017, teams underestimated the impact of the expansion draft, leading to Vegas building a team that went straight to the Stanley Cup Finals. Our models are suggesting that history may end up repeating itself.",Rise of the Kraken: Analyzing Seattle's Options for the Expansion Draft
568,nhl,,My version of Seattle Krakens roster
569,nhl,,Best win now team for the Kraken
570,nhl,,It's like giving toys away....fucking bullshit!
571,nhl,I am reading this week (before the amateur draft). Sharing Kraken season tickets so am excited to map out which games to go to. Excited to hear the homestand series are back. Any ideas (plus are there any leaks like other leagues)?,21-22 Schedule drop
572,nhl,"I always liked the sport but never watched it for more then a few games each season. This year I wanted to watch majority of the games and wanted to know how this pass works for blackouts and such. I live in Georgia example of a zip code would be 30114 if there’s a website that provides blackout teams and such.

What games other then playoffs and Stanley cup would I not be able to watch with this pass?",NHL live pass questions for next season
573,nhl,,"Luke Prokop, Nashville Prospect, becomes first active player under NHL contract to come out as gay"
574,nhl,,The Kraken could draft a team of all former Penguins
575,nhl,"Im Costa Rican and I live in Costa Rica and the only way for me to watch hockey is through the nhl tv

However I don’t know if I can watch the expansion draft there

Can someone help?",Can I watch the expansion draft with nhl tv?
576,nhl,,Changing of the Guard for Goalies ?
577,nhl,,One Man's Trash is Another Man's Treasure
578,nhl,,One Man's Treasure is Another Man's Trash
579,nhl,,Someone who knows a little about the expansion and the Devils wanna tell me if it’s possible ty smith could go to Seattle ?
580,nhl,Do we know at all if the Krakens arena will have a banner for the 1917 Seattle Metropolitans team? They won the Stanley Cup so seems good to me. On top of that they were the first American team to win the cup. Would be pretty cool.,Krakens arena 1917 title
581,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/on7ecr)",Poll: Who do you think the Seattle Kraken will pick in the expansion draft from Montreal?
582,nhl,,Thrashers 2022 Stanley Cup champs 😤
583,nhl,"I'm starting a new hockey website and I'm looking for writers to join the team. I am looking for writers with experience, especially ones with expertise in covering a specific team. There will be the opportunity to get paid, depending on how much you put into it. If you think you have what it takes, send a resume and two written samples to [naftaliclinton13@gmail.com](mailto:naftaliclinton13@gmail.com).",Looking to hire writers for a new hockey website
584,nhl,,If the Stanley Cup was a woman.
585,nhl,,oooo you want him so bad Seattle
586,nhl,,5 Best UFA Goalies
587,nhl,,Are all Seattle trade deals secret until the end or will they be announced as they happen?
588,nhl,,Montreal fans have 2 opinions right now
589,nhl,,Predators Continue Jarring Rebuild
590,nhl,,Just to watch the hockey world burn lol
591,nhl,,Montreal fans watching Carey Price get claimed by Seattle
592,nhl,,Tell me which ones you would pick!
593,nhl,,NHL team tier list
594,nhl,Are you hockey fans happy with your teams protected list?,Protected List
595,nhl,"I originally made this post for r/nba so excuse the confusion but it still applies here.

While watching the the NBA finals this year I came up with the question above. Obviously game 7 is the most important because the winner goes on to win that series 100% of the time. So the question is the winner of which game has the highest percentage of winning that series. I thought that game 4 was the second most important, but when I asked my friends they gave answers like game 1 and 5.

Does anyone know where I could find the answer to this question? Or where I could find someone to do this math? Or would anyone like to do this math? 

The answer does not need to forever it could just be since 2010 or only in the finals. It could even be in another sport like hockey or baseball.

Thank you for your help and I am going to post this in r/nhl, r/mlb, and                    r/theydidthemath.",In a 7 game series which game is the second most important?
596,nhl,,Full protected list for all NHL teams for the expansion draft
597,nhl,"To the non Americans or Canadians, for what team do you root for? And why did you pick it? I'm an Italian Kraken fan and, after some considerations, I choose it because I started to watch hockey a month ago so the first season I'll watch it'll be the 2021/22, in which the kraken will debut. And then it has the coolest jerseys in the NHL.",To the foreigner NHL fans
598,nhl,,Is Landeskog Finished in Colorado?
599,nhl,"Seattle could have a solid team if the Price is right and if they could sign Landy, draft Tarasenko among others. I get there must be a deal in place so they don't select Price but it's intriguing in any case.","Reports are saying Landeskog, Price, and Tarasenko are being unprotected by their respective teams."
600,nhl,,TIL Arizona’s Logo is meant to be a coyote playing hockey
601,nhl,,RYAN ELLIS IS A PHILADELPHIA FLYER EVERYONE!!!!
602,nhl,,“And the Seattle kraken select from the Montreal Canadiens goaltender Carey Price” coming soon
603,nhl,"How come the Islanders already paid Ladd’s signing bonus, the leafs paid Marner, Matthews and Pajama boys signing bonus but Habs didn’t pay Price’s? When is the bonus due? How come Price’s 11M bonus is due in September?",Signing Bonus Payout
604,nhl,,"First Price now Landeskog, might be time to buy a Kraken jersey"
605,nhl,https://youtu.be/uOLFVHAs5UA,The Latest on the Zach Hyman Situation
606,nhl,https://youtu.be/uOLFVHAs5UA,The Latest on the Zach Hyman Situation
607,nhl,,"🔥NHL ""THIS IS WHY EVERYONE HATES YOU"" MOMENTS!!!"
608,nhl,,Mtl did not protect Carey Price..
609,nhl,,Report: Carey Price has waived his no-movement clause ahead of expansion draft
610,nhl,"I'm thinking of making a YT video about controversial endings in sports, but not being a hockey fan I need some help, what games have very controversial endings?  They can be from any time period in NHL history.  Endings with easy to find footage are preferred.

Thanks a lot.",What NHL game would you say has the most controversial ending?
611,nhl,,"Ellis traded to Flyers by Predators for Myers, Patrick"
612,nhl,,My signed items I finally got back!
613,nhl,"1. Wayne Gretzky 
2. Mario Lemieux 
3. Bobby Orr 
4. Sidney Crosby 
5. Gordie Howe 
6. Nicklas lidstrom 
7. Alex ovechkin 
8. Maurice Richard 
9. Mark messier 
10. Jaromier jagr
11. Jean beliveau
12. Patrick Roy 
13. Paul Coffey 
14. Howie morenz
15. Ray bourque
16. Doug Harvey 
17. Marcell Dione 
18. Phil Esposito 
19. Dominik hasek
20. Mike bossy 
21. Patrick Kane 
22. Brett hull
23. Guy lafleur
24. Bobby hull
25. Al macinnis
26. Steve yzerman
27. Scott niedermayer
28. Martin brodeur
29. Ted Lindsay 
30. Pavel bure
31. Mike Gartner
32. Terry sawchuk 
33. Chris pronger 
34. Bryan trottier 
35. Stan Mikita 
36. Joe Sakic 
37. Jacques plante
38. Peter forsberg
39. Teemu selanne
40. Luc robitialle 
41. Bobby Clarke 
42. Eddie shore 
43. Ron Francis 
44. Brian leeche
45. Chris chelios
46. Johnny bucyk
47. Mats sundin
48. Eric lindros 
49. Gilbert Perrault 
50. Pavel datsyuk",Top 50 players of all time
614,nhl,,Owen Power Scouting Report: Fit With the Sabres | The Athletic Hockey Show
615,nhl,"With so many players needing/wanting raises or trades (Landeskog, Hamilton, Tarasenko, etc.) while teams try to manage a tight cap it is such a tough situation for a lot of teams. Throw in the expansion draft and most teams are going to feel regression.

Anyone feeling really good right now? Vegas?","With the tight cap and impending expansion draft, does anyone feel really good about where their team is at?"
616,nhl,,ouuu my
617,nhl,"I’ve been a Buffalo fan my whole life…it’s been a tough few decades. I want to see my beloved Sabres not be garbage, at least squeak into the playoffs. What do you think they need to deal with first to not be a flaming dumpster fire for another 10 years?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/olwqkc)",Buffalo fan here (painfully). What do you think is the first issue the team must deal with to turn this ship around?
618,nhl,,Just found this old master piece in my basement
619,nhl,[removed],Every Boston Bruins fan needs to have some sort of remorse for every single time you won an important game. You never deserved any of them. Check the 2016 playoffs. Murray scored that goal. And you have Marchand… spitting on People. Your team is a joke. More like the Boston “we cheat to win”
620,nhl,,"As requested by my Bolts⚡️ fans, Here’s my latest watercolour sketch of Nikita Kucherov wearing his shirt before it happen. Hope you like it. 😁🏆🏆⚡️"
621,nhl,,My newest picture of Michael Raffl I made! I hope you Caps and Flyers fans like him!
622,nhl,"I know Kansas City gets thrown around a lot in terms of expansion or relocation (or when a the owners want a new stadium to be built: looking at you Penguins and Islanders). But is the writing on the wall for the Coyotes? Is the NHL finally ready to admit that the Phoenix/Arizona market is just not working. Proposal after proposal keeps getting shot down and it does not look like a new stadium is going to happen. You also have to Amit the Coyotes moving to the central division is a little odd (I know it’s because of Seattle)  but I just question if it’s because the NHL is planning for the future a bit. There is a desire for hockey here and the stadium is relatively new. My only concern, and you can see it with the Royals, is when the team is bad fans stay at home during weekday game and watch on tv instead of going.

But more importantly do NHL fans even care what happens at this point? Would opposing fans even make the trip to KC to watch them play?",Coyotes to Kansas City?
623,nhl,,Vegas ed exemption
624,nhl,,Breaking down the Gabrial Landeskog situation
625,nhl,[removed],"Johnson &amp; Johnson recalls five Neutrogena, Aveeno sunscreen products containing traces of benzene"
626,nhl,What I it please help me google doesn't help,Nhl draft 2021
627,nhl,Out of these two teams who do fans of the NHL hate more? The Philadelphia Flyers or The New Jersey Devils? And why? Thanks,Hate question
628,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/xnz1lapf8ib71.jpg?width=680&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=c1cde162ac4e5ec44f6f206e9b96403ae1ef598b",Ak Bars signs ex-Montreal and Philadelphia forward Jordan Wheele
629,nhl,,Found the stick I used to use when I was a kid in the 70s
630,nhl,,Nikita Kucherov and Bradley Cooper
631,nhl," 

With three zones, behind the net, 5 on 5 play, face offs, extra attackers, power plays, penalty kills,, controlled breakouts, hybrid defensive and offensive formations, motion offense, forechecking systems,  passing schemes, zone exits, zone entries,  icing, nuance offside rule etc... there is a lot going on the sport in comparison to the other sports in my opinion.  

What are the common systems or tactics for 6 on 5 play? Does the 1-3-1 power play turn into 1-3-2 to 2-3-1 or does the triangle offense become a different system? How do you face off on a 6 on 5?",6 on 5 Hockey strategy
632,nhl,,RIP hero
633,nhl,,Three years ago today we lost Ray Emery. RIP Razer
634,nhl,,I guess the trade was dead even.
635,nhl,,Best UFA Centers this Free Agency
636,nhl,"I was doing some reading and came across Pierre Turgeon's career resume.

Turgeon was first overall pick, a five time all-star, won the Lady Byng in '93 (while putting up 58 goals), 1,294 GP with 1,327 career points including over 500 goals. 

Doing some reading, he was widely considered the best player on his team for many years, averaged a point per game in 17 or 19 career seasons and top 15 in league points for 12 season.

Let's compare to a first ballot HHOF player like Mats Sundin:

1346 GP, 1349 Points with over 500 Goals. Also only has one personal award - the Mark Messier Leadership award in '08.

Yea Sundin has some better international accolades and played with one team, but neither won a cup and it's crazy to me one was a first ballot player, and one isn't in.

Thoughts? Got any other HHOF snubs? Would love to hear them.",Question: Why isn't Pierre Turgeon in the Hall of Fame? Is he currently the biggest Hall of Fame snub?
637,nhl," 

I  recently started a website/blog to talk about the things I enjoy. I  just posted my predictions for the Seattle Kraken Expansion Draft. I  list every player I think will be protected and drafted from each team by division. Would love for you guys to check it out and spread the word about it.

[Atlantic Division](https://strengthinunityblog.com/sports/seattle-kraken-expansion-draft-prediction-atlantic-division/)

[Metropolitan Division](https://strengthinunityblog.com/sports/seattle-kraken-expansion-draft-prediction-metropolitan-division/)

[Central Division](https://strengthinunityblog.com/sports/seattle-kraken-expansion-draft-prediction-central-division/)

[Pacific Division](https://strengthinunityblog.com/sports/seattle-kraken-expansion-draft-prediction-pacific-division/)",Seattle Kraken Expansion Draft Predictions: Every Team By Division
638,nhl,,"Made an LED sports ticker, here are the final scores of the past few NHL games!"
639,nhl,,"As requested by my Bolts fans, Here’s my latest watercolour sketch of Yanni Gourde with his championship belt. What should be the title of this painting? Comment below 👇 😁"
640,nhl,,"Hyman to test waters, Landeskog on Leafs radar — The Fourth Period"
641,nhl,,Some People Asked for More Logos.
642,nhl,,Love these “what if re-draft” scenarios
643,nhl,"This is the second time I'm posting this question on reddit. And based from recent happenings, this topic has brought to my attention. Ever since the Chicago Blackhawks spent over the cap vs. the Tampa Bay Lightning to get to the Stanley Cup Final, they have been criticized. Tampa Bay later, used the same tactic to bypass the Salary Cap by putting Nikita Kucherov on LTIR. Now, based from sources that Shea Weber might also miss the entire 2021-2022 Season due to injuries, the Montreal Canadiens are faced with exposing Weber and putting him on LTIR. This will force them to free cap space and acquire an asset or assets. 

I believe the NHL has now past that point that teams will more likely abuse the Hard Cap System. If Gary Bettman and top brass in the NHL want to correct this problem, I think it is best to introduce the ***Soft Salary Cap*** and ***Luxury Tax*** system. 

Here's how it works: 

**Soft Salary Cap**: A team can spend above the Salary Cap. However, they will be subjected to penalties and limited privileges going into next season. This includes the incapability of signing free agents during off-season. 

**Luxury Tax**: A team that spend above the Salary Cap will be subjected to pay a substantial percentage amount per dollar in a signing or acquisition.   


\*\*\*Note: Gary Bettman was instrumental with the introduction of the Soft Salary Cap in the NBA. With the Cap cirumvention possibly coming as more and more teams could use this LTIR to circumvent the cap, it is time now to place these rules.

&amp;#x200B;

Please Feel Free to Discuss This Topic.",The NHL Must Implement The Soft Salary Cap And Luxury Tax!
644,nhl,"The Sharks have so many bad contracts that I'm pretty confident Seattle would not pick any up. So: 

A) Who should they protect? 

B) Should they protect anybody (of course they will, but who?)

 C) Regardless, how do they become better?  

Wouldn't like to be in Wilson's shoes right now, but SJ is pretty safe from the expansion draft, right?",San Jose protected list
645,nhl,,"“Thank You, Nashville“ by Pekka Rinne (The Player’s Tribune)"
646,nhl,Bad news for Montreal because it will already be hard enough for them to make the playoffs. But they free up the cap space to be able to sign more players. Interesting to see what happens.,Shea Weber to miss all of next season.
647,nhl,"1. Connor mcdavid 
2. Nathan mackinnon 
3. Auston Matthews 
4. Shane Wright 
5. Leon Draisaitl 
6. Elias Pettersson 
7. Connor bedard 
8. Andrei svenchnikov
9. Alexis lafreniere 
10. Cale makar 
11. Jack Eichel 
12. Quinton byfield
13. Brayden point 
14. Tim stutzle
15. David Pastrnak 
16. Charlie mcavoy 
17. Matthew Barzal 
18. Matvei michkov
19.  Jack Hughes 
20. Quinn Hughes 
21. Rasmus dahlin 
22. Lucas Raymond 
23. Aleksander barkov 
24. Marco Rossi 
25. Miro heiskanen 
26. Kirill kaprisov 
27. Brad lambert
28. Sebastian aho
29. Anton lundell
30. Mitch marner 
31. Adam fox 
32. Jamie drysdale 
33. Mikko Rantanen 
34. Aaron ekblad
35. Matthew tkachuk
36. Trevor zegras 
37. Alex Debrincat 
38. Kaapo kakko 
39. Brady tkachuk
40. Matthew savoie
41. Cole caufield 
42. Kirby dach 
43. Cole perfetti
44. Adam fantilli
45. Travis konecny
46. Mark stone 
47. Johnathon huberdeau 
48. Artemi Panarin 
49. Moritz Seider 
50. Thomas chabot",Top 50 nhlers in five years
648,nhl,"If a players waives an NMC, does that mean it is permanently waived -  i.e. SEA (assuming the player is selected) or their current team  (assuming they aren't taken) can then move them - or is it only a  conditional waiver for the purposes of the expansion draft and then goes back into effect after the draft is over?",Expansion Draft Question
649,nhl,"1. Mcdavid 
2. Mackinnon
3. Matthews 
4. Draisaitl
5. Marchand 
6. Stone
7. Bergeron 
8. Pettersson 
9. Panarin 
10. Point 
11. Couturier 
12. Barzal 
13. Kucherov 
14. Crosby 
15. Pastrnak
16. Barkov 
17. O’rielly 
18. Ehlers 
19. Huberdeau 
20. Giroux 
21. Gallagher 
22. Rantanen
23. Debrincat
24. Hertl
25. Eichel 
Hm vrana
Hm marner",Top 25 forwards from 2018-21
650,nhl,,Today i received this. love it
651,nhl,,I Made Some Logos for Random Teams.
652,nhl,,TIL The Minnesota Wild's logo is meant to resemble a bear
653,nhl,,"As requested by my Bolts fans, Here’s my latest watercolour sketch of Vasy dancing with his trophy. What should be the title of this painting? Comment below 👇 🙏⚡️🏆🏆😁"
654,nhl,,Top 20 NHL Jerseys of All Time
655,nhl,"Reported by ESPN. Damn literally went back 2 Back with their best player injured the entire season and playoffs

Dynasty!",Kuch played injured(broken ribs) during the playoffs
656,nhl,"As said above i wanted to try my Luck here and ask if some off yall guys know what year this Lehigh Valley Phantoms jersey is from?

Im not that into ice hockey, i picked this up in a vintage store in Amsterdam, so my knowledge is really really bad :)

If yall have some kind of estimated worth i would be really gratefull.

Thanks for you help in advance!",What year is this Lehigh Valley Phantoms jersey from?
657,nhl,I have one of these jerseys and was wondering how much this could be worth if anyone could give me an estimated price.,Vintage hawerchuk original jersey autographed good condition
658,nhl,,Spot on
659,nhl,,NHL off-season trade candidates: 25 players who could be moved
660,nhl,,PRANKING CANADIENS FANS
661,nhl,"Should the Blackhawks trade everyone? I am a hawks fan I have been telling everyone I think they should trade Kane and toews, everyone thinks I’m crazy. I think Kane will go to the rangers in 2 years anyways so mine as well get something for him. Why not trade him to the rangers now for one or two of their young guns, they have plenty of cap space. You can trade toews to a team half way through next season, try boosting his stats as much as possible, for some good draft picks. What’s the thoughts here?",Chicago Blackhawks
662,nhl,"I don't mean to be an arm chair investigator or to spread a conspiracy but I was talking with my parents about the Blackhawks and, inevitably, about the recent accusations of not reporting sexual abuse within the organization. My mom recalled in 2010 one player who had been with the team for a short period of time mysteriously disappearing. After a quick search we finally remembered who it was, [Kim Johnsson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Johnsson).

At the time I remember that he left the team midway through the season with little to no reporting on what happened to him other than a concussion. At the time it seemed odd that someone who played a fair number of games in the NHL just disappeared but it didn't really seem like much. Looking back at it and reading [this article](https://www.hockeyfeed.com/nhl-news/update-on-the-mysterious-disappearance-of-former-nhl-defenseman-kim-johnsson) from 2020 where his agent allegedly responded to questions regarding his whereabouts with:

&gt;*“(Johnsson) asked me kindly, but firmly to tell you that he, and his  family, has no wish to be back as a public person. He/we hope/s that  you respect his wish to remain a private person, outside the media  world. Thanks for your understanding.”*

It's purely speculative but the timing and the way he left the game makes me wonder if anyone knows more about what happened to him.",Kim Johnsson's 2010 Stint With The Blackhawks
663,nhl,"I know he’s only 24 and his teams haven’t won’t anything, but he’s already won more individual awards than most players in league history. Just wondering where people think he stands right now.",Where would you rate mcdavid among the all time greats?
664,nhl,Here we go again,Hedmans getting a knee surgery
665,nhl,,7 Likely Destinations for Ryan Suter
666,nhl, [Hey Ref Analyics (heyrefanalytics.blogspot.com)](https://heyrefanalytics.blogspot.com/),Check it out
667,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

📷

Is there any tracking projects to track a specific stat in the NHL right now? (Like passes, zone entries, etc). If there isn't, would anyone like to help me start one?",Hockey Analytics Tracking Project
668,nhl,,"As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of Josh Anderson’s goal celebration! Hope you like it. 🙏"
669,nhl,,Wild Buying Out Parise and Sutter contracts
670,nhl,,Nashville Predators Goalkeeper Pekka Rinne has retired from the NHL
671,nhl,"Are players who are RFAs or UFAs exempt from the draft if they are unsigned by the time the draft comes?

&amp;#x200B;

Example: Would Carolina have to protect Dougie? even though he may not sign here?",A quick Expansion Draft question
672,nhl,,Chiarelli 2.0
673,nhl,"I think the new draft hats leaked some jerseys for 2022 (Seattle and coyotes)

https://preview.redd.it/7uoeguas4xa71.jpg?width=2048&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=eb551e48720da4a75ec8c9b49fe70fde48824314",Draft hats
674,nhl,What are your opinions on most realistic RHD available on teams that can’t or won’t re-sign them?? (Cap strapped teams).,Who are the most realistic top 4 RHD defencmen available at 5-6 max aav? (Pairing with Josh morrissey) and go..
675,nhl,,Coach Cooper is such a baddie 🥵
676,nhl,,Artist’s depiction of Pierre McGuire’s pitch to Eugene Melynk during his interview for the VP of Player Development position with the Ottawa Senators:
677,nhl,,My nhl team teir list
678,nhl,,Tampa dented the Stanley Cup
679,nhl,,Are Canadians more pissed that a team from Florida(full of Canadians) won back to back or that the cup is in a boat parade?
680,nhl,,"Mr Hockey God, Pat Maroon. Also McDonagh."
681,nhl,,(WIP since June) Now I know how people who get tattoos of the results before the final match feels like
682,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/9ykz7m2ryta71.gif",After seeing the Duncan Keith move...
683,nhl,,Best Ufa Left Wingers this free agency period
684,nhl,,Saw this on my buddy's FB. Pretty accurate
685,nhl,,Who wore it better? Vasilevskiy or Pyramid Head from Silent Hill?
686,nhl,,This puts the leafs in perspective
687,nhl,,Thank you Ottawa!
688,nhl,,I made a new mascot for the Rangers! His name is Beavis the Beaver! I hope you guys like him!
689,nhl,"I feel like hockey is a sport I could really get into, however my dad is from Wisconsin, and I've been here since I was 8 (12 years at this point). So ever since I was little I was just a Wisconsin fan, college, pro, whatever, if it's from Wisconsin I'll get into it. I feel like I could like hockey, but it's hard for me to get into watching it when I don't yet have a team to watch.

So basically, there's no pro hockey team from Wisconsin, and I would love suggestions on what team I should start watching. I don't care how successful they are, I'd love to just get people's thoughts on different teams and why they think they're worth watching, cause I'm a total noob right now.

Sorry if this is a weird or lam question to ask.",What team should I follow?
690,nhl,"Everyone crapped on last year's cup win(including me), but I'm curious if both were just as sweet or if this one brought you more happiness? 

As a Jets fan when WPG got knocked out in the bubble I really didn't give a damn, but in contrast to that I was distraught following this season's choke. 

I'm just interested to know if Bolts fans experienced the same difference in emotion?","Tampa fans: Did this second cup in a row feel more, ""real"" to you?"
691,nhl,"I'm trying to get into NHL and I'm looking for a really exciting game that showcases all the stregths of this sport to get me hooked. 

I've watched 3-4 playoff games this year and they were all either very low-scoring or on-sided 5-1 wins. I'm still looking for than one magical game that makes you fan.",What were the best games from this past regular season + playoffs? New fan looking for games to watch.
692,nhl,"With it almost certain that NYR's are buying him out in the offseason as a result of the ""incident"". Do you think anyone else picks him up? Nobody took him off waivers after everything unfolded and I'm curious if he is basically done in the NHL? He seemed like a promising offensive defenceman, so does anyone out there take a chance, or is he too ""hot-headed"" (let's go with) for GMs to want to take on.

Thoughts? I'm not super familiar with what happened but he seems like he could be an effective player at a low low cost with his reputation so damaged. If so who?",Tony DeAngelo off-season questions?
693,nhl,,What team turns the most hockey games into boxing matches?
694,nhl,,The shirt speaks volumes on how much the lightning care about their cap situation
695,nhl,,"1st guy from the left in the bottom row is my dad and the f3rd guy from the left in the bottom row is Steve Larmer, who went on to play over 1000 games with the Chicago Blackhawks"
696,nhl,[removed],Advocates decry Denver homeless sweeps ahead of MLB’s All-Star game
697,nhl,,Ivan Boldirev
698,nhl,,"Since the New York Rangers are the only team to not have a mascot besides Seattle, is made one! A lot of planning went into it to find the perfect mascot, I hope you guys like it! Maybe it could be a reality some day!"
699,nhl,,"As requested by my Bolts fans, here’s my latest watercolour portrait of Stamkos with the 2021 Stanley cup. 🏆🏆⚡️ This took me 21 hours create. Hope you like it. 🙏"
700,nhl,,Give me your craziest trades that just might work
701,nhl,,Don’t mind me just say dreaming about a hockey anime. 😵‍💫
702,nhl,,"All that crying about cap circumvention… well, only 1 team is getting cap space removed next year that was in the Finals and it’s not the Bolts!!! Get fucked ⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️"
703,nhl,,In your opinion what team has the coolest jersey? Doesn’t matter the era or year just in general. I can’t really say since I’m brand spanking new. Just curious
704,nhl,"Also, who was more ""too good right now"" in terms of hype:

Pekka Rinne or  Shea Webber?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ohvt22)",Which was the better team that repeated recently:
705,nhl,,New to hockey anyone know why fighting is so rare? I remember watching fight compilations and all the clips were so old.
706,nhl,,Montreal fans how did it feel after losing the cup this year? I’m a lightnings fan but seeing how badly the canadiens got destroyed I couldn’t help but she’d a tear for them. Seeing them win game 4 was just knowing they prolonged their suffering price did an amazing job defending nonetheless.
707,nhl,,Best western players left unprotected in Expansion
708,nhl,I'm assuming its under the CBA but why would they raise it if teams are losing money and the can is at a standstill,Can someone explain why the base salary went up 50k thos year but the cap is staying flat?
709,nhl,,Mr. Vezina
710,nhl,[removed],"Argentina vs. Brazil, Copa America final 2021 score: Live updates as Lionel Messi battles Neymar at Maracanã"
711,nhl,,I’m looking to get into hockey any pointers where to begin?
712,nhl,,Best Players that'll end up being unprotected
713,nhl,,2021 Stanley Cup Champions: Lightning Strikes Twice! Twitter: @ThirdEyeStanton
714,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ohmz3s)",Winnipeg Jets clearly need an upgrade at RHD (top 4 pairing). Zero chance lightning can keep Savard. How much would it cost to sign Savard for a 2-3. Year deal AAV?
715,nhl,,"Love this picture, Price handing over the torch to the next generations dominant goalie"
716,nhl,,Stanley Cup final ratings on NBC averaged 3.6 this year . Down from high ratings in 2019 5.5 and 2018 6.7 Million
717,nhl,,Stanley Cup final ratings for NBC lowest in Stanley Cup finals
718,nhl,,Every time a habs fan starts complaining about Vasilevskiy’s equipment I show them this photo
719,nhl,,We are here for you buddy
720,nhl,,"Per Friedman: McDavid is apparently good enough to maybe crack Canada’s top 9, should NHL players be allowed in Olympics."
721,nhl,,Logos I drew of Current and Non Current teams! I hope you like them!
722,nhl,,Kucherov's favorite movie
723,nhl,,I met Bryan Trottier tonight at a bar…
724,nhl,,Most likely destinations for Eichel
725,nhl,,I thought this fit the theme... also kucherov
726,nhl,,Eichel Sweepstakes destinations
727,nhl,Does anyone know when the Nhl will be releasing each individual teams protected list? Thanks,Protected List
728,nhl,,Had to make this into a gif.
729,nhl,,Had to make this into a gif.
730,nhl,"Hey guys, I am a big sports history guy but one thing I’ve always wondered is why the canes play in Raleigh and not Charlotte? Does anyone have any good reads on that or a cool explanation that I can look into further? How teams end up in there market fascinates me",Why are the Canes in Raleigh
731,nhl,,5 teams most likely to acquire Jack Eichel
732,nhl,,Let's gooooooo
733,nhl,,Who did this?
734,nhl,,King Kucherov post game
735,nhl,,Any requests for a Hockey Player I could draw?
736,nhl,[deleted],Stanley Cup in airport X-ray
737,nhl,,Even the Stanley Cup goes through airport security
738,nhl,,Hockey &gt; football
739,nhl,,Price and Vasilevskiy are both amazing
740,nhl,,This thread cracked me up.. 😂
741,nhl,,What a legend
742,nhl,[removed],I think Tampa Bay Lightning wins again
743,nhl,,Lightning defeat Canadiens to win second straight Stanley Cup
744,nhl,,"I use to use this as a goalie. How come goalies don't use unique helmets like Irbe, Hasek, and Osgood?"
745,nhl,,21-22 Metro Division preview
746,nhl,"Hockey politics and shakey old age aside, I thought his words, timing, and delivery made for an enjoyable cup presentation. 

This includes the team surrounding the cup prior to the hand off. I enjoyed it.",Unpopular opinion: I didnt mind Bettman’s presentation last night.
747,nhl,"Montreal made an incredible run for the playoffs. Becoming basically the number 2 team in the league. But I see lots of people saying there is a big question mark whether they can even make the playoffs next year.

It looks these teams are most likely getting a spot in the playoffs. (The list in no particular order)

1. Lightning
2. Maple Leafs
3. Hurricanes
4. Islanders
5. Penguins
6. Capitols

You can debate whether Boston or Florida should be on the list. The point of the list is only that, from my perspective, there are only a couple of spots available at the bottom of the competitive conference.

I also wanna point out some of the problems Montreal had in the regular season.

* Early Coaching Change.
* Injuries all over the place. (Price, Weber, Gallagher, and others)
* Drouin leaving the team for personal reasons.
* No Caufield. (Not really a problem, but definitely a plus for next year)
* Tight schedule at the end of the season due to covid protocols.

Full disclosure, I'm a Habs fan.

&amp;#x200B;

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ogkqp8)",Does Montreal make the playoffs next year?
748,nhl,,2021-22 Nhl Metro Division Preview
749,nhl,,The Perry Paradox. Like dividing by zero.
750,nhl,i was a habs fan since 2006 and still am. but after game 5 vs the lightning i started to lose hope for them. i was so demoralized after game 5 i had suicidal thoughts after i woke up this morning. help.,im losing hope for my habs.
751,nhl,"Trying to understand garden Cup Flag protocol for back to back. Want advice.

Other teams, let the hate flow through you in the comments.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ogils0)",Stanley Cup Garden Flags
752,nhl,,Metropolitan Division Preview 2021-22
753,nhl,,Can't even let em celebrate a day
754,nhl,,Fuck You Bettman!!
755,nhl,,Episode 2: Return of the Party Kuch
756,nhl,,The man is drunk the hell you want him to do?
757,nhl,,"Did you guys see this? I think after last night it's relevant here, but based on this maybe there should be a bidding war for where Tom Brady should retire to after the NFL. And this doesn't even include last night's Lightning victory or the Bucs Super Bowl..."
758,nhl,"So once again, the Lightning had no caps... 

But seriously, The Rangers had the most with 6 in the regular season. 

[reg season](https://www.hockey-reference.com/leagues/NHL_2021_hat-tricks.html#) &amp; ([playoffs](https://www.hockey-reference.com/playoffs/NHL_2021_hat-tricks.html)",No TBL Player scored a Hat Trick this year. (There were 64 total)
759,nhl,,Let's gooooooo
760,nhl,,And so the wait begins…
761,nhl,,When hocke?
762,nhl,"The lighting might have just had the easiest path to the cup since four rounds were added. Their hardest opponent was what? An islanders team who could only win games if the opponent didn’t score two or more goals? A inexperienced Carolina team with zero depth? Montreal who without price would have been swept in the first round? A florida team who would have had a better chance with an empty net the whole series? This Tampa team is perhaps the greatest nhl team ever assembled (not to mention being $20 million over the cap), and still was taken to the brink repeatedly by vastly inferior opponents. This team shouldn’t have lost a game, let alone be taken to a game 7. Cooper could have been replaced with a coat rack and the lighting would win the cup in the same number of games. If this team had to face a juggernaut like Vegas or Colorado in the finals I believe there could have easily been a different champion this year, and I would firmly place the blame on coaching.",Jon Cooper is not a good coach
763,nhl,"Congrats to the Bolts. They won within the rules that the league has set regarding cap and how that cap means nothing come playoff time. Honestly not trying to take anything away from that.

That doesn't however mean that that system is perfect. I really do hope the league and the NHLPA consider forcing teams to remain cap compliant though the SCP. I don't think star players being injured should ever spark any sort of advantage for a club in the way this loophole has.",Congrats to the Bolts but...
764,nhl,,Kucherov Presser Uncensored
765,nhl,"Usually during the Stanley Cup presentations he would congratulate the losing team on a great season, but I don't think he mentioned the Habs at all.",Did Bettman not acknowledge the Habs?
766,nhl,,Pad size differences of Price and Vasilevskiy
767,nhl,,"It's the way of the world, friends."
768,nhl,,Kucherov Presser Uncensored
769,nhl,,"from getting killed by the blue jackets to this,"
770,nhl,,"""If you don't want to deal with drunk Kucherov, don't let us win the Stanley cup."" - Jon Cooper, probably."
771,nhl,,Andrei Vasilevskiy is the first clinically obese goalie to be named NHL playoff MVP
772,nhl,"MTL fan here, it hurts, but as a long time stammer enthusiast, gratz Stammer, I'm happy he was able to play in the playoffs unlike last season, at least there's that.",Gratz to stammer
773,nhl,"Step 1: Buy Pat Maroon

Step: there is no more steps.",How to win a Stanley Cup
774,nhl,,Someone changed Kucherov’s Wikipedia page
775,nhl,,Slappy 2.0: An improved device that scores a mini-goal each time a goal is scored in an NHL game
776,nhl,,"Opened Twitter today, regretted it instantly"
777,nhl,,The Vancouver Canucks were the last team to eliminate a defending Stanley Cup champion (STL in the bubble)
778,nhl,,Congratulations to Pat Maroon on becoming BACK to BACK to BACK Stanley cup champs. here’s my latest watercolour of Pat Maroon With the Stanley cup. Hope you like it. 🙏
779,nhl,Someone explain it to me in very simple terms as if I were a very dumb 5 year old please.,ELI5 the cap loop hole coordially please.
780,nhl,When Montreal lost yesterday I watched vasi win the conn smythe cause I thought he deserved it. Than after Stamkos lifted the cup I turned it off.,When your favourite team loses do you watch the other team lift the cup?
781,nhl,It’s over Montreal lost no one is gonna care about salary cap shit five years from now stop whining.,This sub is so salty come on guys
782,nhl,,Kucherov digging the knife a little deeper
783,nhl,"I have been looking into who the Lightning signed with the money that freed up when Kucherov was put on the injury reserve before the season. I can’t find a solid answer. Thank you for your time! 

Congrats Tampa bay, a dirty season but a good one for you.",Who did the lightning sign with Kucherovs 9.5 million?
784,nhl,"There’s an article on ESPN where a moron writer is saying the lighting are the kings of the cap era! Like really. Has he not looked up the success of both the penguins and the blackhawks! 

If we’re going by facts then the penguins are the kings of the cap era, most successful and FIRST to win back to back cups in the cap era. (And they never were 19 million over the cap) 

What the lightning did is still impressive and a huge accomplishment. But god damn is sports journalism dead! Try investigating before writing stupidity!",ESPN writers are a joke
785,nhl,,Habs Man needs a drink
786,nhl,,$62 million above the cap don’t care. Drink it in. YOUR STANLEY CUP CHAMPS!!! You kidding me? You kidding me? This isn’t #1 bullshit. This is real life. I’m not gonna be a gracious winner after all the trash that was talked about this team. I bit my tongue all postseason being humble. #GoBoltz
787,nhl,,Nikita Kucherov and his trophy
788,nhl,"honestly i know it’s the playoffs and i know anything can happen, but realistically i should’ve expected the lighting to win the whole time","in hindsight, tampa was the closest thing to a lock i’ve seen"
789,nhl,,18 Million dollars over cap.
790,nhl,,FAKE NEWS!!!!
791,nhl,[deleted],Don’t forget the Asterix eh
792,nhl,"11 of his last 23 playoff games allowed 1 goal or less

Dynasty!!",Vasey the GOAT
793,nhl,"*[Captain of Winning Team] you’re on top of the hockey world. How’s the view?*

For ten fucking years he’s asked that same question if the winning team and he didn’t break tradition last night. 

I won’t miss that at all.",Pierre McGuire asks the same damn question every time when the Stanley Cup is won and it’s infuriating.
794,nhl,,Again...
795,nhl,,Can’t believe Montreal let Tampa do them like that
796,nhl,,"Got to go to my first cup finals game. Absolutely electric, if you ever get a chance, go. Worth every penny"
797,nhl,,Congratulations to this man for 3 straight cup wins!
798,nhl,"Title says it all, this MTL fan is more than happy with what the Habs did this postseason. They lost to a stacked roster witu generational talent in Point and Kuch.",Congrats to TBL for winning B2B cups
799,nhl,,Tampa Bay winning the Stanley Cup again (w/ Titanic music)...
800,nhl,,Me and my little brother during the closing moments…GO BOLTS⚡️
801,nhl,,Big time asterisk next to this championship. The only thing Tampa deserves credit for is being shameless in exploiting a CBA loophole.
802,nhl,,Think this is still on?
803,nhl,,Go Bolts!
804,nhl,,At least the Montreal Canadiens get to be one of the two playable teams in the next EA Sports NHL demo. 🤷‍♂️
805,nhl,"This playoffs were crazy no one including myself though that Montreal was gonna even get past first round! Tampa played amazingly this playoff season and they clearly wanted it more, so they deserve it more! You can use this post to talk about the playoffs if you would like and congratulations to Tampa Bay and fans!",As a Montreal Canadiens fan i congratulate the Tampa Bay Lightning and their fans
806,nhl,"With this stanley cup win, if you already didn't have andrei vasilevskiy as the best goalie in the league do you have him as the best goalie now? If so why not, I'm interested to see peoples opinions on this.",Andrei Vasilevskiy
807,nhl,,NBC Sports Farewell to the National Hockey League
808,nhl,"Don’t be bummed at the loss, be proud of the mountains you climbed to get that far.",Friendly Reminder that the Habs wouldn’t have even made it to the playoffs under normal circumstances.
809,nhl,,$999 million above the cap and I don’t care!!! GO BOLTS ⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️
810,nhl,,Ok Montréal ik ur sad but dont pull a 2011 Vancouver
811,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/y1drjid22x971.png?width=932&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=bfc8cbccdf8b078d5a7e5b7347888be7d14f9ccd",Stanley Cup 1991 - Present
812,nhl,,The amount of money vasy will get when he has to be resigned will be astronomical
813,nhl,,ESPN coverage is sad. Is there a sports journalism “personality” on earth who is more dull and has less to say than Barry Melrose?
814,nhl,,"Now that the lightning won this year, who has some way to early predictions on who is gonna win next year?"
815,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ofzi2p)",What is your opinion on the Tampa salary cap debate
816,nhl,"Habs just lost and I overheard a conversation at work where someone commented ""leafs have better players than the habs"". Im on work break right now making this poll since I felt like asking on reddit.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ofzdn2)",Which nhl team would you say has better players overall?
817,nhl,"Not really much to say either other than Pat Maroon is the GOAT. 3 Stanley Cups! Way better than loser Crosby who was carried by his HOF teammates. 

Pat Maroon=1st ballot HOF",Pat Maroon &gt; Sidney Crosby
818,nhl,,Article on the lighting salary cap
819,nhl,"My friend and I are debating. I say yes... He says no. He's a Bruins fan too and I think he's trippin. We're talking about this because I say that his team can afford to sit him out in order to take away his cap hit the way the Bolts did with Kutcherov.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ofz2e4)",Do the Bruins make the playoffs without David Pastrňák for the season?
820,nhl,3 cups in 3yrs. Unreal.,Maroon scored a Pat-Trick
821,nhl,,Dave Mishkin Call if Stanley Cup Win
822,nhl,"Vancouver, Philadelphia, Washington and San Jose were all over the cap during the 2011 playoffs
Pittsburgh 2012-2013
Chicago 2014-2015

Since all of ya salty they “above cap space in playoffs”. You can be mad at more than Tampa now.",Teams that was above cap in playoffs.
823,nhl,"7/July/2021 - NHL: The Tampa Bay Lighting defeat the Montréal Canadiens 4 games to 1, thus clinching their 2nd consecutive Stanley Cup Championship and 3rd overall in franchise history!",Bolts Got Back To Back!
824,nhl,,Plan the parade!!!!!
825,nhl,"No shame in losing to the defending cup champs, especially in the Cup finals!

This team finally gets the recognition it deserves (besides salty leafs fans who've magically become lightning fans for the past week), and they have young pieces that will help them succeed in the future, especially with so much experience these guys gained these playoffs! Remember, they were expected to be swept in the first round to Toronto, and look how far they reached! While losing the cup final may be tough, this team is building and maturing and headed in the right direction.

This series may have ended in 5 (just like 2018 and 2015), but both teams will have much to take pride in.",Hats off to the Habs on a fantastic cup run!
826,nhl,,*grabs popcorn*
827,nhl,,Another reason why you should be happy that Tampa Bay won.
828,nhl,,Fact: Canada has not won the Stanley Cup for 28 years
829,nhl,,Vasilevski becomes the 6th goalie in NHL history to post at least 5 shutouts in a playoff
830,nhl,Yeah sorry about that one bishop got hurt during the pens and lightning series in 2016 and now vasy is the best goalie in the league i hate it too dont worry. And also my condolences to all habs fans and Canadians who wanted ur drought to end. And dont make history repeat its self like last time in Vancouver,Hey do u guys remember when Vasy was just a back up and then bishop got hurt so he had to play
831,nhl,,Vasilevskiy Conn Smythe Trophy Winner
832,nhl,,Tampa after getting swept in the first round by CBJ
833,nhl,[deleted],Is Pat Maroon the goat?
834,nhl,"Has anyone else subscribed to NHL Live and been let down or unsatisfied? I purchased the years subscription under the pretext of ""no blackouts"" only to have multiple games blacked out in the regular season. Tonight, unrelated or not, tonight was the last straw. My feed crapped out with just under 2 mins to go in the final game of the Stanley Cup final. Livid. Absolutely pissed. I will not be renewing. Call me Karen idgaf.",NHL Live not cutting mustard.
835,nhl,Show the goalies shaking hands ffs these 2 guys are the best in the world I wanna see their interaction,No goalie shot?
836,nhl,"And everyone involved in bringing us glorious hockey…even Pierre, whose Mother shops at the same grocery store as my wife’s third cousin.",Thank you NBC and NBCSN…
837,nhl,The app crapped out at about 50 seconds left in the third.. on my TV and on my phone. Asked a couple buddies and the same happened to them. Pretty damn disappointing considering the timing and the amount of money we pay for it.,Anyone else’s NHL Game centre app cut out right before the end of the game?
838,nhl,Back to back championships is an impressive achievement.,Congratulations Lightning
839,nhl,,Tampa wins the Stanley cup!
840,nhl,Andrei Vasilevskiy now has 5 straight shutouts in series clinching games including 2 stanley cup winning games.  Amazing,Vasilevskiy = $$$
841,nhl,,Well now wtf am I supposed to watch. October please get here fast!
842,nhl,,Lightning are Cup Champs again upvote party!!!
843,nhl,,To Habs fans
844,nhl,,"Was just checking out former winners of the Stanley Cup and my boy Brian Rafalski is out here single handedly winning the 08' Stanley Cup, truly a God among men."
845,nhl,"""omg Habs fans are such complainers, all you guys talk about is how the refs are unfair towards you"" How do you think we feel? I'm legitimately surprised that Sergachev got that penalty for tripping Suzuki, they make up shit when we dare to touch them, but they tripped Anderson, hooked him, slammed him back first into the net and that's totally cool! I can not believe this is the best the NHL has to offer, these refs need to be fired.",I'm gonna sleep well knowing the Habs should have won this game if they didn't have to play the refs
846,nhl,"I've followed hockey very casually for years but really got into it when my buildings cable provider gave us Center Ice for free during the Oilers cup run in 06.  I'm 50 now but first put on a pair of skates two years ago and thought to myself-this is hard, imagine chasing a hard puck with people trying to take your head off while on these things-yikes",Are you a hockey fan but never played the sport?
847,nhl,"I know this Poll won’t do much but I wanna know peoples opinion. I’d love if he came back to Washington but, I’d like to see what you guys think!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ofx02q)","Nate Schmidt is probably getting traded next season, I was wondering; should he get traded back to Washington or go wherever they trade him?"
848,nhl,,"[The Athletic] Blues winger Vladimir Tarasenko requests a trade, per sources: Why he wants out, possible destinations and more."
849,nhl,,Stanley Cup Final Game 5 sound issues on Sportsnet
850,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ofw7s4)",Were the calls in the first 10 min of game 5 a joke?
851,nhl,"If not…what’s yer problem?
And what is your favorite?",Is Hockey your favorite sport?
852,nhl,Why are only select NHL games put on Sling? I had no problem all season and now in the finals they aren’t on there what am I doing wrong?,Anyone else have sling TV?
853,nhl,"for a contract termination to be successful, the player who's contract is being terminated must clear unconditional waivers.  

my question is: if the player has a nmc, then do they have to waive it in order to be placed on unconditional waivers for the purpose of a contract termination? or does their nmc get overridden?",duncan keith contract termination question
854,nhl,,Montreal pulled it out last game will they do it tonight?
855,nhl,,"I wanna be the guy that gets paid to look for these really ridiculous, obscure facts and stats."
856,nhl,I know that will most likely not happen any time soon. But it would be amazing if it did!,Just imagine if the Canucks and Maple Leafs entered the Stanley Cup Final.
857,nhl,,Willie O’Ree is living history. Damn.
858,nhl,,Every Stanley Cup final since 1980 has featured a former teammate of Jagr
859,nhl,,NHL on Twitter
860,nhl,,Hockey drawings!!
861,nhl,,Bro I swear if Pat Maroon wins another Stanley Cup I’m going to throw my shit against he wall!!
862,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ofmc6m)",What’s the most hated NHL team
863,nhl,,"As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of the Habs warrior, Brendan Gallagher. This took me 21 hours to create. Hope you like it. 🙏"
864,nhl,,Just give her a spork.
865,nhl,"Selling three Tix for game 5 tonight , section 104 row J seats 13-15. $1450 a piece. DM me if interested.","Selling three Tix for game 5 tonight , section 104 row J 13-15."
866,nhl,,2021-22 Atlantic Division Preview
867,nhl,,Can anyone tell me what name this is?!
868,nhl,"I don't get them. I see them constantly shitting all over Canada, but do they not realize that Stamkos, Point, Savard, Killorn, Cirelli, Joseph, Gourde, McElhinney, Goodrow, Schenn, Barré-Boulet, Smith, Walcott, Stephens, Katchouk, Raddysh, Martin, and Thomas are all Canadian players. Why shit on a country when literally half your fucking team is from that country? Doesn't make sense to me.",Tampa fans
869,nhl,,"I drew Matiss Kivlenieks to mourn his passing; our dear, young Goaltender of the CBJ has passed on the 4th. God bless him and his family-and everyone stay safe!"
870,nhl,,Why do people call it a goal song and not a goal score?
871,nhl,,Anheuser Busch jumping the gun? Look at the year on the label. Free beer given out at St Louis brewery tour
872,nhl,,(Stained Glass) Made This A Little Over A Year Ago. Thought I Would Share Now Since The Canadiens Won Last Night.
873,nhl,,Electric fires that look like real fires | British Fires
874,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/of5cu9)",Predictions for the rest of the finals?
875,nhl,,Odds for next’s year Stanley cup winner.
876,nhl,,Making the Argument For and Against the NHL Expanding Beyond 32 Teams
877,nhl,,The Twice Failed NHL Expansion to Atlanta
878,nhl,,We need Price to Hulk
879,nhl,,"Finish the job, Habs, if you can"
880,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/oexsrw)",Will game 5 be delayed due to Tropical Storm Elsa?
881,nhl,,"To mourn our young, dear Goaltenders passing, I decided to draw him. God bless him and his family. I hope you guys like him and stay safe."
882,nhl,,Analyzing the Likely Departure of Zach Hyman for the Toronto Maple Leafs
883,nhl,,Ray Ferraro loves WHAT the most?!
884,nhl,,Montreal Josh Anderson diving winning OT goal
885,nhl,Friendly reminder that the Leafs blew a 3-1 series lead and that Cole Caufield is already a more valuable player than any of the “core 4” are.,"Josh Anderson, Nick Suzuki, and Cole Caufield have more playoff points combined than Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner!"
886,nhl,"I have read all these rumours that Tampa was trying to lose game 4 in order to win that cup at home but by looking at the game and how Tampa was shooting at price, you can clearly see that they were trying to end it. Now they are going back home to try and finish it in game 5. But this game is so crucial. If Tampa mess up, the habs are going back to montreal to try and force and ultimate game 7.

&amp;#x200B;

Throughout the series the habs always faced adversity successfully. From when they were 3-1 down to Toronto, to when they lost players to injuries and also when they lost their coach and were facing controversial referring vs Vegas.

&amp;#x200B;

Now Tampa gave to this bunch of highschoolers the idea that they can be beaten and when you give hope to youngsters like this anything can happen. Add to that Price who is gaining back some of his confidence that made them win throughout these series.

LTDR: If Tampa mess up game 5, they're in hot waters.","If somehow Tampa manages to lose game 5 , they are in big trouble"
887,nhl,,Onto Game 5
888,nhl,,"Down, but not out"
889,nhl,,Fuck you Jane Castor
890,nhl,,"Lightning go ""just a little bit easy on Montreal"""
891,nhl,Thank God for the Montreal Canadiens!,Tonight good triumphed over evil
892,nhl,,Just gonna... just gonna leave that here for a moment
893,nhl,,Best active goalie per team (by hand)
894,nhl,,How idiotic is this?
895,nhl,"The pirate streams spell check their feeds. NHL.TV does not. The pirates ensure that an away team feed displays the away team feed. NHL doesn't. The pirate feeds.let you watch any game in any market. NHL.TV does not. The Pirate Feeds let you set your resolution. NHL.TV does not. The pirate feed, doesn't display ""game will start soon"" at the end of the third and then jump to ""game is over"" after you miss the entire OT. 

I'm not condoning piracy or telling anyone to steal. I do however have the right to tell you that In my opinion, NHL.TV is a scam, and the free alternatives aren't worse, they are demonstrably better.",NHL.TV Is not better than pirating
896,nhl,"So I thought I read there was going to be only 3500 fans in attendance dor all the games in Montreal. Is there something that happened that allowed the habs to have more people in tonight?

I searched for news about that but found nothing.",Question to people from Quebec
897,nhl,,Josh Anderson Wins Game 4 In Overtime To Extend The Series
898,nhl,"Even if the Habs lose in game 5, if they play like that I’ll be happy. Habs didn’t make a million dumb mistakes, both goalies played phenomenal.

But let’s go for another and make this a series worth watching.",What a game.
899,nhl,,3 MORE
900,nhl,,Habs overtime performance this season
901,nhl,,GAME FIVE!!!!!
902,nhl,,Habs win!!
903,nhl,,"When I thought patty maroon was completely useless, he goes on to score🤦🏾‍♂️"
904,nhl,"why would you watch these boys skate on ice. that is something that should only be done for interprative dance like routines seen in figure skating. This was a sport not meant to be televised, much like soccer, as it only has 3 goals in a game, if youre lucky. Dont even get em started on the stanely cup, like whats that about? give those guys a trophy atleast for winning. hell give em all a trophy for playing such a bad game for so long. anyway thanks for reading",hockey sucks lol
905,nhl,Can someone explain why there was no call on that last high stick and then a penalty was given to Montreal? They can review after if there is an cut as I understand? If so why was Marchessault's high stick on Perry never reviewed?,High stick question
906,nhl,,[Highlight] Pat Maroon ties it up for TB in Game 4
907,nhl,,Whoever Wins - Can We Agree NBC Needs New Scorebug / Scoreboard Art?
908,nhl,"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5h-tPJ9X-o](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5h-tPJ9X-o)  
and  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59Ck5hn\_GKc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59Ck5hn_GKc)",Live outside game 4
909,nhl,"I find myself quoting “USA prime credit, this is Peggy” and “Patrick Kane? Ze hockey player? How you score from ze left?” on a semi-frequent basis. 

Definitely gotta be one of my favorite memories from NBC’s NHL coverage.",Am I the only one who misses those Discover USA Prime Credit commercials to an unhealthy extent?
910,nhl,"This is just my opinion. 1-1 tie game as I write this. And no, I'm not a Habs fan.",Refs just done with series it looks like.... letting Tampa off easy
911,nhl,,He DiDnT eVeN PLaY THe PuCK
912,nhl,,Why we ask Steve questions:
913,nhl,"As a 27 year old now it's hard to believe that Doc will not call games anymore. From ""Henrique...it's over! to the Canucks going to the Stanley cup (and losing yes), to Crosby scoring that golden goal. Ive never watched a Stanley Cup final without Doc. 

And now that I am it just feels disingenuous, a little less exciting, not as fun diction, and a lack of emotion. Nobody will ever do it like Doc did. Thanks Mike.",I miss Doc Emerick
914,nhl,"I am an official myself (local minor hockey, nothing fancy), so I usually don't agree when people complain about bad officiating when watching from home or even just as a fan. The game is fast paced and referees aren't perfect.

This year however, every game I have watched has been blatantly worse than I've seen before from NHL quality officials. Maybe this is an unpopular opinion, but I welcome some discussion about it. What are your thoughts?",Has anyone else found the officiating this playoff season to be worse than normal?
915,nhl,,[CascadiaSN] The Seattle Kraken have hired Jay Leach as assistant coach.
916,nhl,,Still a chance
917,nhl,,A moment of silence before game 4 for Matiss Kivlenieks .. 😞
918,nhl,,Fun fact: the Vancouver Canucks were one goal away to blow a 3-0 series lead in first round back in 2011
919,nhl,,Why bolts so scary?
920,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/oejp0x)",Who will win Game 4?
921,nhl,They are going to lose because they are corporate shills.  Prove me wrong lightning.,The Lightning’s are going to lose
922,nhl,,#10 Legend
923,nhl,"I personally think the Bolts will win.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/oej9ks)",Who will win Game 4?
924,nhl,"NBC has always been a let down on national broadcast, but is there seriously no pregame tonight with a possible season ending game?  Seems unbelievable but as of this moment I see 2012 American Ninja Warrior on NBCSN and Family Feud on NBC.",Am I missing a pregame?
925,nhl,,Do the Bolts complete the sweep tonight?
926,nhl,"Yay!!! Another post about the cap loophole!! This is more of a generic question than anything else. Do you think the NHL will opt to get rid of the rule since an Original 6 team got screwed?

In 2015, my Bolts were on the crap end of the stick when the Blackhawks (in many of your own words) “cheated” by having Patrick Kane miss an entire season before coming back game 1 of the playoffs. They tried to convince the NHL to close the loophole and ONLY the Blues said “yeah that’s pretty crappy” but everyone else praised Chicago on masterful cap work. 

The only different between the Bolts and BHawks is the BHawks are an Original 6 team. Why should anyone care what they had to do to beat some team from the South? Well, now that Montreal is on the crap end of the stick, do you think the NHL will finally wisen up and realize that this ridiculous rule needs to be ended?

Note: If Bolts close it out, I will celebrate the win. I will say they earned every bit of it like Chicago earned every bit of their cup when they beat us in 2015. Having said that, I still think the loophole needs to be closed. Maybe if most of y’all cared more 6 years ago, this wouldn’t have been an issue this year lol",The Playoff Cap Loophole…
927,nhl,,Autopsy: Columbus goalie Matiss Kivlenieks died of chest trauma
928,nhl,,"NHL goaltender Matiss Kivlenieks dead from fireworks accident, medical examiner's office says"
929,nhl,"[Here's the map](https://www.google.com/maps/d/edit?mid=1PTefEU2IWylXxn6Eq7hztKGrKp9pz8WQ&amp;usp=sharing)

&amp;#x200B;

Every arena that will be used in the NHL for the 2021-2022 season

Blue = Pacific Division

Red = Central Division

Yellow = Metropolitan Division

Green = Atlantic Divsion

&amp;#x200B;

Let me know if there are any errors",I made a map of all NHL arenas
930,nhl,,"Not my personal opinion, but one I’ve been hearing all weekend."
931,nhl,,NHL goaltender Matiss Kivlenieks dies from fireworks accident.
932,nhl,,I made a short blog post about why I think the Tampa Bay Lightning will win the cup tonight
933,nhl,,Alright. Place your bets
934,nhl,,Who do you think your team will lose in the expansion draft?
935,nhl,,That's not Nolan Patrick lol
936,nhl,,NHL player dies after 4 July party fall
937,nhl,so they can win the cup at home on Wednesday,I want Tampa to lose tonight
938,nhl,,2021-22 Nhl Season preview pacific division
939,nhl,,Blue Jackets' goalie Kivlenieks dies at 24
940,nhl,"Blue Jackets' Kivlenieks dies at 24
https://www.thescore.com/nhl/news/2179984",Blue Jackets' Goalie Kivlenieks dies at 24
941,nhl,,Here’s a throwback to 2019; The Blues winning the Cup! Go Blues Go! I hope you like O’Reilly holding the ‘cup!
942,nhl,"Anyone have a family member that played for the NHL? I feel inclined to cheer for the habs because my great grandpa played left wing for the canadiens. 
Even though I have been cheering for Vegas for 4 years",Family Ties
943,nhl,,The Stanley Cup getting some rest before game 4. Expecting a lot of action very soon
944,nhl,,Testing NHL sub Reddit for posting
945,nhl,"Who do you think is the most hated team in the NHL? Not necessarily who YOU hate, but who is hated by the largest amount of fans in your opinion. Apologies if I've missed a team. i wish I was able to have more options. It would be a super long poll, but I would like to have been able to put down each team as an option. It is what it is! Stay safe everyone! Sorry for the lack of Western Conference teams! Just can't think of that many that are properly hated league wide.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/oebpjd)",Most hated team in the NHL?
946,nhl,,NHL goaltender Matiss Kivlenieks dead at 24 from apparent head injury
947,nhl,,"Matias Kivlenieks, Blue Jackets Goalie, dies at the age of 24."
948,nhl,,"NHL Refs: Bad, inconsistent, or bribed?"
949,nhl,,Habs in 7th
950,nhl,,Official News on the sudden death of Columbus blue jackets goaltender Matiss Kivlenieks
951,nhl,,NHL Statement on the passing of Columbus blue jackets goaltender
952,nhl,"This is pretty self explanatory, but who was the last team to win the Stanley Cup on their home ice? I know it's been a few seasons since it's happened, and I can't remember who was the most recent to do it.",Who was the last team to win Stanley Cup at home??
953,nhl,,"How many points a season would Paul Kariya score in this era? For me, he was placed right in the middle of two era's that would have suited him perfectly, the high scoring 80s and the current era with less physicality."
954,nhl,"Rest in peace, Matiss Kivlenieks 😔


This is so shocking, please be careful with fireworks, people.",Rest in Peace
955,nhl,"Confirmed by The Latvian Hockey Federation that he passed away in a tragic accident. Not yet offically confirmed, but it's said that a shrapnel from fireworks hit him in the heart. 

Kivlenieks was the goalie in the first win in history for Latvia against Canada, ending the game with 2-0. Everyone in Latvia is shook.",The Blue Jackets goalkeeper Kivlenieks dies aged 24
956,nhl,"In my opinion, the best example of this is doughty winning the 2016 Norris trophy. For those that don’t remember, doughty narrowly edged out Erik karlsson to win the Norris trophy for the nhls top defenseman that year. Had karlsson won, it would’ve been his third Norris in five years, while doughty had been a perennial finalist but had never won it.

Doughty had a respectable year, he had 51 points, a 57 corsi, and played very good shut down defense on a still respectable kings team. I think he definitely deserved to get nominated, at the very least. 

Karlssons year, meanwhile, was otherworldly. He put up 82 points in 82 games, good for fourth in the league, on an Ottawa team that was terrible. Other players who put up similar offensive numbers like green or lidstrom tended to play on extremely talented offensive teams, but karlsson was ottawas offense. He put up a 56 corsi, which is solid, until you realize that Ottawa averaged a 40 corsi that season with him off the ice, meaning he carried the team every shift. The kings, for comparisons sake, were consistently above average without doughty on the ice. Karlsson also put up respectable defensive numbers that season, which was the one argument people had for why he wasn’t easily the best defenseman in the world. Particularly last season, karlsson didn’t only seem to lap his competition on defense, he put up arguably the best season of any defenseman of the modern era, challenged by only lidstrom’s 2006 season in my opinion.

So why did doughty beat karlsson? A few reasons. One, doughty made the playoffs, karlsson didn’t. As we’ve seen, that doesn’t necessarily mean that a defenseman is better, but it could’ve played with voters. Second, karlsson barely beat doughty the previous year. And I mean barely, as it was one of the closest Norris votes ever. So voters were more keen on voting doughty this time around over karlsson because they felt like he was due, something more than one phwa member has admitted. (There’s also been accusations that writers were literally threatened to vote for doughty, but I can’t substantiate that). 

Overall, that award felt like an obvious farce, at least in my opinion. Do you have any other examples of nhl awards you thought were awarded incorrectly?",Nhl awards won by the wrong player?
957,nhl,,RIP Matiss Kivlenieks
958,nhl,Dynasty in the works or will they lose too many pieces for cap space? They’re so good right now it’s ridiculous.,Tampa Bay Lightning post
959,nhl,"EASTERN CONFERENCE

Northeast:
* Montreal Canadiens
Ottawa Senators
Quebec Nordiques (formerly New Jersey Devils)
* Toronto Maple Leafs

Atlantic:
* Boston Bruins
NY Islanders
* NY Rangers
Philadelphia Flyers

Central:
Buffalo Sabres
Columbus Blue Jackets
* Detroit Red Wings
Pittsburgh Penguins

Southeast:
Carolina Hurricanes
Florida Panthers
Tampa Bay Lightning
Washington Capitals

WESTERN CONFERENCE

Midwest:
* Chicago Blackhawks
Minnesota Wild
Nashville Predators
St. Louis Blues

South:
Arizona Coyotes
Colorado Avalanche (whom the original Nordiques are now)
Dallas Stars
Vegas Golden Knights

Pacific:
Anaheim Ducks
LA Kings
San Jose Sharks
Seattle Kraken

Northwest:
Calgary Flames
Edmonton Oilers
Vancouver Canucks
Winnipeg Jets

- 32 NHL teams total (8 in Canada and 24 in the US, formerly 7 in Canada and 25 in the US)
* denotes the original six teams in the NHL","If the NHL returned to Quebec City (and if the New Jersey Devils ended up relocating there) in the future, would the NHL standings below look like this?"
960,nhl,,I just found out Ryan Nugent-Hopkins was first overall pick😂💔
961,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/odxxku)",Is NHL expansion into Europe practical?
962,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/odxp97)",Does the NHL need more expansion?
963,nhl,,A cup final video
964,nhl,,Someone In Need
965,nhl,,"After Tampa wins the Stanley cup tomorrow, Victor Hedman’s nickname should be The Calendar"
966,nhl,,blasphemy
967,nhl,"This year could be make or break for one of my favourite players, Kaapo Kaako. Thoughts on him to this point?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/odsggv)","Thoughts on Kaapo Kaako? One of my favourite players from my grandparents' country: Finland. He hasn't put up the best numbers, but I still feel there's a massive player there."
968,nhl,,Making the Argument For and Against the NHL Expanding Beyond 32 Teams (TheHockeyGuy)
969,nhl,,2021 NHL Mock Draft
970,nhl,"I live in Quebec and I’m tired of Cheering by default for the Montréal Canadiens, because we don’t have any other team. 

 I just want to know if any of you have an idea on which team I should cheer for, while having fun watching there game? 

To be honest the last time I had fun cheering for the habs it was in 2014 and now I am due for a change.",Team suggestion
971,nhl,"In my opinion, it has to be either Beagle or Schmidt, what’s goes in this list, and if he’s not on this list, comment who was your favorite!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/odnodk)",For caps Fans: who was your favorite player who is gone now?
972,nhl,"I would love to see the next team in Canada, and although everyone seems to want to see a team in Quebec City (myself included), I feel like the most likely place in Canada would be in southern Ontario, but I can't pin it down to the exact city. STAY SAFE EVERYONE!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/odnnot)","Where would you like to see an expansion team next, when the NHL inevitably decides it's time to expand again? If you don't see an option you agree with, by all means put a comment!"
973,nhl,,"It’s okay, Montreal, maybe one day you can play like the Lightning, too (big ooooof. Stay classy Tampa)"
974,nhl,,Throwback 4th of July; when the Capitals won the Stanley Cup. That day was magical. I hope you like it!
975,nhl,I’m complaining about the cap.  Maybe I’m salty but if you’re $18 million over the cap it’s a huge advantage. We’re talking 2-3 elite players on a roster.  It’s just a matter of time before everyone exploits this.  Why even dress for the regular season.,I’ll say it
976,nhl,Hi guys. I have question about  AVV data? Is there any site where I can find players AVV as % of salary cap in year when it was signed? Thanks,% of salary cap
977,nhl,"For me it has to be the 2010-2011 canucks. Absolutely stacked roster, the Sedins in their brief peak were completely unstoppable, kesler was the top two way forward in hockey with the exception of maybe datsyuk, they were loaded on defense with erhoff, hamhuis, edler, bieksa, salo, etc. and luongo was easily a top 5 goalie in the world. It just felt like it was their year, and they got burned by a white hot goalie in the finals. Any other teams you can think of that should’ve won the cup but didn’t?",What team absolutely should’ve won the cup but didn’t?
978,nhl,,"If you want to take a look at my instagram page: @jerseys_letigre . I make my own design of what every NHL team jerseys should look like. No inverted classic whatsoever, only home/away. Minimal change to full redesign. Thanks!"
979,nhl,"When asked about the officiating in his game 1 presser, Gary Bettmam said:

 ""our fans OVERWHELMINGLY tell us that they like the product.""

I personally could not disagree more.

So the question to you r/nhl is:

The way they referee the game, do you like the product?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/odkdz3)",Are you happy with the hockey?
980,nhl,,1942 is the only time a team down 3-0 went on to win the Stanley Cup
981,nhl,,Happy 4th of July everyone! I hope all of you have a Wonderful day!
982,nhl,,"D-Hard Blues fan, I have always been a Habs fan, almost as much, when my Habs made it and did everything they did. It was like my Blues in 2019, I thought this series was going to be a good one I didn't think this would happen. But as a true fan I still have faith go HAB'S take it seven shock em!!!!"
983,nhl,,Log into Facebook
984,nhl,[removed],Should Zach Stanford by a whipping boy
985,nhl,,On average how many slapshots are made across a season?
986,nhl,"Regardless of what happens in the Final, why are#2  most non-Habs fans not giving Montreal credit for reaching the Final? 

Yes, while the Lightning are the better team habs 100% deserve the success in the Finals, why do most automagically go with ""Habs suck"" or better yet ""they don't deserve to be in the Finals""?

What were they supposed to do? Not comeback against the Leafs? Not sweep the Jets? Not outplay the #2 ranked team in the NHL? None of it was easy for them (even the Jets sweep), these guys busted their butts off to get here. 

I would assume most of the hate comes from salty Leafs fans that are still crying over the First Round, but it seems that people still underappreciated the fantastic playoff run the Habs have had.",No credit to the Habs?
987,nhl,,Cup overflowing
988,nhl,,Seattle Kraken Expansion Draft Mock Up
989,nhl,,Seattle Kraken Expansion Draft Mock
990,nhl,,Seattle Kraken Expansion Draft Mock
991,nhl,,"A bit late, but our lord Stanley’s cup in our local Canada day parade"
992,nhl,"I’ve searched youtube for any and all archived NHL draft footage, but can’t find certain years. 
Does anyone know if there is anywhere I can find and watch archived NHL draft footage? (1990-2021)",Is there anywhere online where I can find archived NHL Draft footage?
993,nhl,,"Extra, extra, read all about it."
994,nhl,Doing a fun project about the NHL on a website. Do I need permission to display the logos for each team for educational purposes?,"NHL logos for free, educational website."
995,nhl,,It’s looking like this meme might come true after all
996,nhl,,"Sadly the mood right now, Finals are totally dominated by the Lightning. Was hoping to get more mileage out of the mancave themed for Habs but seems it will not be so. I hope they win next game at home so Tampa can have the finals victory at home too! Win win!"
997,nhl,,How the design of the Stanley Cup has changed over the years
998,nhl,,"Now that Tampa Bay has won the Cup, what's next for the Habs?"
999,nhl,,My collection so far
1000,nhl,,"Got some serious automation going when there is a goal with a goal light, I can't watch a game any other way now"
1001,nhl,,Good article.
1002,nhl,,Not sure why this was flagged for “Low Content” because I fully articulated everything but I’ll just ask the question here instead.
1003,nhl,,South Park - Fuck Canada
1004,nhl,,The Viktor Arvidsson Trade and The Future of Smashville | GoodTime
1005,nhl,"What are some controversial conn smythe winners, or times where you felt like the wrong player won? Personally I think ovechkin winning in 2018 was the wrong choice and was only made because of his reputation, although I was happy to see him win it.",Controversial conn smythe winners?
1006,nhl,"Hey guys! Just wanted to know where you guys are from. Not to be creepy or anything but just to see composition of the subreddit with regards to nationality. If you're from a place not listed in the poll, feel free to reply where you're from! Thanks and stay safe everyone! 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ocx810)",Where is everyone from? Hockey is global game and I was wondering if the NHL subreddit reflects that!
1007,nhl,"To absolutely nobody. Back 2 Back Asterisk Champs, We take those!","As a native Tampaian, for being so far over the Cap the Lightning would like to apologize"
1008,nhl,How the heck am I supposed to post a Letterkenny chip about the Habs when offensive language is banned?,Sub rules
1009,nhl,,"It is sad to see the cup go to a team whose ""fans"" only go fo the air conditioning and beer."
1010,nhl,[removed],A rare feat
1011,nhl," 

📰🚨🚨HAB's on the Brink 🚨🚨📰

Tampa one win away as they double up the Habs. 

\#gobolts #goHabsgo #stanleycup #finals #NHL

https://stlfanreport.com/2021/07/02/montreal-canadiens-collapse-in-game-3/",Habs on the Brink
1012,nhl,"This will be the ONLY Warning on this sub. . . . . No Matter who wins the Cup Finals, WE WILL NOT have any toleration for BASHING, TRASH TALKING, NAME CALLING, ETC..............Consider this your only warning! We are tired of seeing this and are putting a stop to it.     Violating this will result in your immediate ban and you will NOT be reinstated!",***WARNING***
1013,nhl,Getting swept in the finals on Monday would make them the first team to do so since 1998.  It would also put them in an elite class of only 20 other teams in the history of the NHL to do so.,The Canadiens have a chance to make history.
1014,nhl,,Tampa Bay right now
1015,nhl,"Just the ESPN+ takeaways article. ESPN has never been a real TBL cheerleader, but it feels with their coverage of the Finals, they’re trying to pretend they don’t exist.",The game has been over for a while and no article on ESPN for normal circulation.
1016,nhl,,Habs fans right now.
1017,nhl,It’s obviously nice to see how dominating Tampa really is but the fact that this series is so one sided kinda makes it not as entertaining. All respect as a leafs fan seeing the habs make it to the finals but if they get swept this year it might be looking like 1998 again.,Is this years Stanley cup finals one of the worst we have seen in a while.
1018,nhl,"excuse me but when a tune catches your attention, sometimes you just have to ask.",What song were they playing in the stadium in the last 2:24 of the 2nd period?
1019,nhl,Because Tampa..,Do they check for cocaine and steroids?
1020,nhl,"Habs tried so hard, and got so far, but in the end, it didn’t even matter",What evil genius played “In the End” by Linkin Park while Tampa was celebrating?
1021,nhl,,BIG CAT WITH ANOTHER W!!!!⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️
1022,nhl,"I've never seen such incompetent play in a game, I'm not even sure Montreal has completed one pass tape to tape. Just the constant flailing around, haphazardly throwing the puck around. Just straight up missing the puck by just not having their stick on the ice. Just horrible hockey, the Canadiens should be embarrassed. 

- A Caps fan (just want to see TBL lose)",No words
1023,nhl,,Had to do it… check the nickname
1024,nhl,,Tampa Bay Lightning are one win away from repeating as Stanley Cup Champs upvote party 🎉
1025,nhl,,But but he's a generational talent
1026,nhl,"like, do people in San Fran or Oakland consider the San Jose Sharks to be their local team or is it like how people in San Diego don't cheer for the LA teams?",are the Sharks considered the Bay Area's team??
1027,nhl,"When you hear the ding of a puck hitting the post on a missed save, what’s your immediate emotional reaction? 
Concern, relief, disappointment, etc.?",Question for the goalies…
1028,nhl,,Super thankful that all those fans that are nuts to butts outside the arena weren’t allowed in tonight. We wouldn’t want them catching covid 🙄🤦‍♂️
1029,nhl,"Anyone else wondering that the TB Lightning have a sold-out electrified home crowd, with another crowd outside at watch party, while Canadiens have only 3,800 people with mild clap claps allowed for their home game? It would seem to be an exceptional home advantage in this final.",Home advantage
1030,nhl,,The refs seem like they can’t keep up with the play. Wtf are they watching?
1031,nhl,,One of the greatest nights of my life
1032,nhl,,Lightning fans year-round
1033,nhl,,Montreal fans being down 4-1 in game 3
1034,nhl,"They obliterated Toronto, then Winnipeg and Las Vegas. It’s like they abandonned and want to lose. No efforts, no offense and defense strategy, Carey Price is just a shell of himself and it just looks like a different team. It was beautiful to see the players come together but now it just looks like the usual habs team that lacks heart and proactivity.",What in the actual hell is happening to the Habs in the finals?
1035,nhl,,"Tampa fans, how does it feel knowing that once you win the cup, all anyone will be talking about is you being 10 million over the cap?"
1036,nhl,,NHL history made tonight!
1037,nhl,SMH Scary Carey on his knees - lazy goalie. Overrated. It’s a wrap!,On His Knees
1038,nhl,,Wow that didn’t take long 😂 Tampa Bay already up 1-0
1039,nhl,,"3500 fans in the Bell Centre are so loud, the Sportsnet casters couldn’t hear each other."
1040,nhl,,New coaching strategy.
1041,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/r932hq3f2v871.png?width=832&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=269874a3d4d0ca2a64b194ad15b302a0e3df1f4c",anyone want to go to the Habs/Lightning game tonite?
1042,nhl,,What is the NHL 18 logo? I wanna use it.
1043,nhl,,"I work at a daycare and I set up a mini hockey league with the kids, and made a stats spreadsheet with standings. Along with 4 NHL trophies : Stanley Cup, President's Trophy, Maurice Richard Trophy &amp; Vézina Trophy. Also they chose their own logos !"
1044,nhl,that’s all; enjoy the game.,You’re insufferable
1045,nhl,,Some cool mini jerseys/pencil toppers I made!
1046,nhl,,To complete the earlier post
1047,nhl,,Adding hair to make the hairstyle look more symetrical. Good job NBCSN
1048,nhl,,This guy gets it 🇨🇦
1049,nhl,,"Blood 🩸 sweat 💦 &amp; tears 😭 Playoff hockey. Here’s my latest watercolour painting of Petry, Perry &amp; Gallagher. Hope you like it. 🙏"
1050,nhl,"That's all I keep hearing is how TB cheats.

Well unfortunately Lord Stanley's Cup will still be in Our Halls",Back 2 Back Asterisk Champs
1051,nhl,,When you use clear stats and common sense to explain how Vas &gt; Price.
1052,nhl,,You had one job!
1053,nhl,,You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take
1054,nhl,,Happy Rick DiPietro Day
1055,nhl,,It’s not the first time Coleman has done something like that
1056,nhl,,Seth Jones trades
1057,nhl,,⚡️
1058,nhl,Any reason I should continue to watch? Announcers said 90% of the time a team wins first 2 games they win the cup...,Habs are done right?
1059,nhl,"I currently have NHL.TV  it's a great service but I can't afford it next season.

I remember being offered some [NHL.TV](https://NHL.TV) package last year that was only for sens and habs and it  was only for broadcasts that were in french. 

It was meant strictly for francophones that live outside the bilingual belt.  

Can't remember what the package was called or even if it was a real thing? 

Does anyone remember what it was?",Planning for next season: ROC French broadcasts for Habs and Sens.
1060,nhl,,Game 2
1061,nhl,,You vs the guy she tells you not to worry about
1062,nhl,,Fact or cap?
1063,nhl,,Viktor Arvidsson Nashville Predators Los Angeles Kings trade - TSN.ca
1064,nhl,,Predators Trade Arvidsson to Kings
1065,nhl,,18 mil over the cap
1066,nhl,,"This Bud’s for you, now wake the fuck up and win the next 2"
1067,nhl,,Fatality.
1068,nhl,,"Following up to yesterday; I drew the NHL teams that are currently no longer teams of the league anymore! I hope you all like these, too!"
1069,nhl,"I'm sure there's been posts on this subject many times. But I was looking for an update money wise. Do these US teams have more money than these Canadian teams? Therefore, able to afford better stars and higher scoring individuals. Does anyone have an analysis on wealth of a team or cap per team ?",Looks like another US team gonna win the cup?
1070,nhl,"The numbers and performances don't lie. Man is a machine.

We are in the middle of another Dynasty. I wouldn't be surprised once TB 3 peats",Vasey is on his way to GOAT Status
1071,nhl,I don't think I've ever seen so many sticks break in one game before last night. What is happening with their equipment? GO BOLTS!,The Habs equipment manager
1072,nhl,"Saw this question on r/nfl, so thought I’d ask it here",What NHL mystery are you dying to know the truth behind?
1073,nhl,,Painted this ceiling tile of Malkin except he’s missing facial features.
1074,nhl,,VGK partner with Crypto.com to launch their first-ever NFT collection
1075,nhl,,“Incoming!” *Chat Disabled*
1076,nhl,I’m just curious about the opinions of fans around the league on the news that the Coyotes are reportedly hiring Andre Tourigny of Team Canada and the Ottawa 67’s to replace Tocchet.,Coyotes HC hire
1077,nhl,"Im sure theres been a bunch of posts talking about this but im a relatively new fan so im still learning a few things regarding nhl history, so Im not sure if anyone won the cup while playing over the cap. I know people are complaining about the lightning being over the cap so thats why I ask, If its happened before than people must just have something against the lightning because I never hear any examples of other teams in that situation being brought up.",Have any previous stanley cup winners won while playing over the cap?
1078,nhl,,The Habs defense be passing the puck to the Lightning instead of clearing it
1079,nhl,,The Habs defense be passing the puck to the Lighting instead of clearing it
1080,nhl,"I believe that Gordie Howe is better than Wayne Gretzky but Alex Ovechkin is better than both of them.

Yes I am prepared to get downvoted to hell, but feel free to debate in the comments.",Controversial Discussion
1081,nhl,,NHL Hockey Player Files Sexual Assault Charges Against Water Boy.
1082,nhl,,NHL Hockey Player Files Sexual Assault Charges Against Referee
1083,nhl,,VASY DOES IT AGAIN!!! ⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️
1084,nhl,https://youtu.be/bOR38552MJA,Ahahahahah
1085,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/obclgy)",Are the Habs going to get swept?
1086,nhl,,USA!!!
1087,nhl,,This was painful
1088,nhl,,[TB (2)-1 MTL]
1089,nhl,"Vote and share your reason

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/obbsbh)",Should NHL players have cages on there helmets?
1090,nhl,,Trying a new meme template
1091,nhl,,Game 4 In Montreal Ticket Auction In Support Of The Hamilton Bulldogs Foundation
1092,nhl,,Go home Sportsnet you're drunk
1093,nhl,,Am I missing anyone on this picture?
1094,nhl,,Flower Power
1095,nhl,"Pierre McGuire is awful in every aspect of the NHL. When I saw he was between the glass tonight instead of Brian Boucher I just got so angry. I miss Doc and I'll miss Eddie O and a lot of the NBC gang, but moving on from NBC will at least mean we get rid of Pierre.

He is an atrocious commentator with zero novel insights and more bias than our American news outlets. He was a garbage coach who was gifted a Stanley Cup that he had no part in by the great Scotty Bowman. He was a train wreck as the coach of Hartford where captain Pat Verbeek actually voiced his pleasure with the firing decision to the media after McGuire got canned. No one Hartford or around the league had any respect for McGuire and other teams would actually mock his status as a head coach in the NHL. He was then fired after 2 months as a Senators assistant coach. He coached an ECHL team to a sub .500 record and seventh place in the division and bailed on his 3 year contract there after just one year to become a radio analyst. 

I still have no idea how he ever moved through the ranks anywhere. He was clearly a terrible coach and still has no worthwhile hockey insights. I really hope he is not able to land a job in hockey following the end of NBC's contract because his is actually bad for the sport. Does anyone actually like hearing this guy on broadcasts?",Pierre McGuire
1096,nhl,"I get it that it's the finals but fuck sakes, it's quarter after and they haven't even done the national anthems yet. Drop the fucking puck already!",Late Starts Suck
1097,nhl,,An interesting title
1098,nhl,,Habs wield your sticks!!
1099,nhl,My mom found some old pics of me and I was rocking my Rangers 94 Cup Winners hat. (I still wish I had it.) What's your favorite piece of Cup or other championship merch that you have?,Favorite piece of Stanley Cup winning memorabilia
1100,nhl,,When will the Protection Lists come out?
1101,nhl,[deleted],Shea Weber two hands Kucherov - No call
1102,nhl,[removed],Las Vegas to Host 2022 NHL All Star Weekend at T-Mobile Arena
1103,nhl,,Stinger has his own gargoyle on the outside of Nationwide Arena!
1104,nhl,,Former Blackhawks player opens up about alleged sexual abuse at hands of video coach
1105,nhl,,"Question for y’all, do any of you have a picture of every NHL team logo, that shows how long the teams been or has been there, with Seattle on it as well? Kinda like this picture below but with Seattle, if you could that would be great! Thanks!"
1106,nhl,,"Blackhawks' Jonathan Toews announces update, will return to the ice next season"
1107,nhl,,Jonathan Toews to return to the ice next season.
1108,nhl,Go Bolts Tonight!⚡ crazy how easy it is you can get ban from just saying those words.  Kind of crazy.. if sports forums back in the day followed those rules.. there would be no topic.,Go Bolts⚡
1109,nhl,"Even though most of us are aware of Tampa Bay's salary cap situation, I believe that it all depends on the injury/situation, despite people blaming Tampa for using this rule to their advantage.

On an extra note, I couldn't imagine the reactions on here if the Penguins dealt with a similar situation.",LTIR Salary Cap Rules
1110,nhl,,Let's gooo
1111,nhl,,"Congratulations to the bolts⚡️on winning game 1 of the Stanley cup finals. As requested by my Bolts fans, here’s my latest watercolour portrait of Vasy. Hope you like it 🙏"
1112,nhl,,I drew the logos of the Current NHL teams! I hope you like it!
1113,nhl,,2021 Stanley Cup Final Tampa Bay Lightning v Montreal Canadiens - Artwork - Twitter: @ThirdEyeStanton
1114,nhl,Someone who knows what shapens Cale makar use??????,What sharpnes does Cale Makar use on his skates?????
1115,nhl,"I don't know why I said this as a football (soccer) crazed person, but ice hockey is pretty dope ngl","I gotta admit, ice hockey is a cool sport"
1116,nhl,,"Potential danger aside, am I the only one who thought he looked badass?"
1117,nhl,,Does anyone know who this is. I think it's from a vezina trophy winner or something.
1118,nhl,"How do you guys think Montreal will come into game 2? As far as revenge for Gallagher? He was targeted early and often and because of that,  I do believe there was illintent especially when one player rips his helmet off coincidently before Sergochev slams his head into the ice.  Not a Habs fan but if I'm coaching,  I'm encouraging my guys to fuck their best guys up.   Don't go out there and square off with washed up pat maroon.   No.   Point,  Johnson,  goodrow, gourd, kuch, any of these guys touch the puck and you have a questionable hit lined up,  you better take it.  Show no respect for the health of anyone on that team.",Hab's retaliation!
1119,nhl,"I have been googling this non-stop but haven’t found a straight answer. People are saying it’s Wayne Gretzky, but it can’t be that easy! 

Which player has the most 3rd period goals in Stanley Cup Playoff history?",Help with a trivia question.
1120,nhl,,NHL94
1121,nhl,"Habs fan here hoping for a good series.
Been thinking of and reading up on interesting facts of how things line up from the '93 cup winning team to now for potential discussion.

Not a fact junkie or anything so feel free to correct more for fun discussion. I was in my teens when we won the cup last!

-both Habs teams came into the playoffs cold. Roy lost his last 5 starts going in and the Habs lost 6 of their last 10 reg season games.

-both Habs teams had/have arguably one of the best goalies in the league (Price and Roy) 

-93 Habs had only 4 people above 60 pts on the season and were the underdog going into the cup finals with LAK. '21 Habs only had 4 players over 25 pts on the short season

-the 93 Kings were star heavy compared to the 93 Habs similar to now. Kuch, Stammy, Point, Hedman now.  Kings had Gretzky, Kurri, Robitaille, Blake etc

-93 Habs lost first game 4-1 and were again heavily thought to get swept in the finals. We lost 5-1 last night similar media coverage of david/goliath

-Roy also struggled through the regular season like Price did 

-the Habs traded away Sergachev in 2017 as a top defensemen for Drouin who will not play these playoffs. The '93 Habs traded away top defensemen Chris Chelios in 1990 for Denis Savard who also did not play in the playoffs to win the cup

-coaching changes in '93 from Patty Burns (RIP) for Demers was an untimely and unlikely cup contending move. Multiple coaching changes in 2021 for the Habs as well

I'm sure there's more, toss em in the comments if you have one!

As a Habs fan I hope a little sports magic happens. My team earned their spot here or they simply wouldn't be. But ya gotta be lucky to be good and good to be lucky!

Tampa is a great team and fun to watch. They definitely had the edge game one but i'm hoping we can make it a series for the chel fans 👍",Habs Cup Run - '93 to now comparisons
1122,nhl,,Fleury of Golden Knights wins Vezina Trophy as best goalie in NHL
1123,nhl,,Gallagher by the end of the playoffs...
1124,nhl,,"Original meme by u/uTheMusical, just updated the body count."
1125,nhl,,Adam Fox wins the James Norris. presented by Biran Leetch
1126,nhl,,"Original meme by u/uTheMusical, just updated the body count."
1127,nhl,,"Original meme by u/uTheMusical 10 days ago, just updated the body count."
1128,nhl,,There is almost nothing in this article that doesn’t piss me off…
1129,nhl,Anybody have one?,NHL Awards Stream
1130,nhl,"According to John Ourand of Sports Business Journal :

# Monday TV Ratings

Clippers-Suns on ESPN: 5.744 million viewers

&amp;#x200B;

Neighborhood on CBS: 3.643 million

&amp;#x200B;

The Bachelorette: 3.316 million

&amp;#x200B;

Bob Hearts Abishola on CBS: 3.211 million

&amp;#x200B;

Tucker Carlson on Fox News: 3.098 million

&amp;#x200B;

Bull on CBS: 2.859 million

&amp;#x200B;

NCIS on CBS: 2.752 million

&amp;#x200B;

Canadiens-Lightning on NBCSN: 1.569M

# If you only included sports:

Clippers-Suns on ESPN: 5.744 million viewers

&amp;#x200B;

American Ninja Warrior on NBC: 3.248M

&amp;#x200B;

France-Switzerland on ESPN: 1.871M

&amp;#x200B;

Canadiens-Lightning on NBCSN: 1.569M

&amp;#x200B;

Croatia-Spain on ESPN: 1.101M

&amp;#x200B;

Wimbledon on ESPN2: 621,000

&amp;#x200B;

College World Series on ESPN2: 385,000","Monday the Canadiens-Lightning NHL Stanley Cup final Had lower ratings then a Euro 2020 round of 16 game played at lunch time, a TV show I didn't was real and random WWE event. NHL has to fix this issue"
1131,nhl,,Montreal after game 1
1132,nhl,,Can anyone help naming these signatures?
1133,nhl,,Signed hockey stick from Henry Richard 🏒 Go Habs Go!
1134,nhl,,Hockey Hall of Fame class of 2021 announced.
1135,nhl,"Hello! My name is Chris Seabury,

My team and I are currently conducting market research for a student project affiliated with the Business of Sports Certificate Program at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Our project is centered around the legalization of sports betting and how it is implemented into stadiums across professional sports. We would greatly appreciate it if you would take our short 5-10 minute survey on sports betting as this would give us valuable insight on how consumers perceive and engage with sports betting!

[https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_ezJBA2kyUxewtfM](https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_ezJBA2kyUxewtfM)",Short Survey on Sports Betting
1136,nhl,[removed],HOCKEY FANS: EASY SURVEY
1137,nhl,,"Dynamic, Diverse and Accomplished Team to Present ESPN’s NHL Coverage to Fans"
1138,nhl,,"[Adam Schefter] ESPN’s play-by-play NHL commentary now will be led by Sean McDonough. Steve Levy will lead the studio team while also calling several games throughout the season. John Buccigross, Bob Wischusen and Leah Hextall also will add their voices to play-by-play."
1139,nhl,,"[Sean Shapiro on Twitter] Since everyone asks, from what I've heard ESPN didn't seriously consider bringing back Gary Thorne."
1140,nhl,,I love you fellow Americans but please stop involve patriotism in your team success. Big win for TBL buts it’s not over!
1141,nhl,,"This league is a complete joke, salary caps are rigged."
1142,nhl,,The difference between the leafs and habs.
1143,nhl,,SEEMS LIKE THE HABS HAVE MET THEIR MATCH
1144,nhl,,LOL
1145,nhl,,"MSPaint may not be your thing, but it's Tampa's thing. Here's my MSPaint Gourde after his Game 7 series-clinching SHG"
1146,nhl,"Lighting are insane. Probably gonna 3 peat easily.

Could this be the best 5-6 year run in nhl history?",Is the NHL ready for another Dynasty?
1147,nhl,,RNH signing for 8 yrs with Oilers
1148,nhl,Can a mod change the logos to the current ones.,Flair
1149,nhl,,Edmonton Oilers re-sign Ryan Nugent-Hopkins to 8-year deal worth an AAV of $5.125 million
1150,nhl,,A drawing I did for Pastrnak's son RIP Viggo
1151,nhl,,"‘He didn’t forget about us’: Ulkatcho, 900-member First Nation home to Carey Price, all in for Habs as Stanley Cup final begins"
1152,nhl,"The Lightning looked so dominant, it seems like they're on their way to a consecutive Stanley Cup. Speaking of which, how do you think they would fare against the '75 Montreal Canadiens?",How do you think the 2021 Tampa Bay Lightning would do against the '75 Montreal Canadiens?
1153,nhl,,Too Early To Really Tell But…
1154,nhl,,Here's a colored pencil drawing I made of Cole Caufield
1155,nhl,"This is not a shit post, I repeat, not a shit post...

I'm simply curious...not particularly familiar with the history of the salary cap, seeing a lot of talk about Tampa Bay being over the cap with the Kuch situation...

I understand this was also the case with Chicago and Kane with their Cup win over Tampa. 

Are these the only two teams that have used this loophole to their advantage? Is this common among Cup winners/finalists? I genuinely do not know. 

P.S. I'm a Habs fan but I wouldn't pretend even for a second that I wouldn't exploit/benefit from this rule if it was the other way around. May the best team win.",Over The Cap Question
1156,nhl,"There has been so much hate in r/nhl lately.

I love you Montreal bros and sisses. See you Wednesday 😘⚡😘

Also, respectfully, fuck you. I hope you win 1 and lose exactly 3 more games this season so I can watch it live game 5. See you there.

Love,
This guy

p.s. fuck you",All love
1157,nhl,"Would people be stop with this crap. 

What tampa did is not allowed by the rules. 

A player claimed to be incapable of playing, and then magically had the precision healing to come back for game 1 of the playoffs with a perfect game. 

That isn't within the rules. 

In any other environment that'd be medical/insurance fraud.",Fraudulently claiming to be injured when you aren't isn't part of the rules.
1158,nhl,"Lifelong hockey fan in the U.S. here, and I have sour views on the U.S. NHL TV contracts. I was reminded of how the NHL ditched ESPN back in the 2000’s for Versus. Versus… And now, NHL has made a big announcement how they’ve signed a new deal with ESPN. Guys, it’s Game 1 of your championship series, and you’re on NBC Sports Network, not even the flagship NBC channel. And then, your Expansion Draft and NHL Entry Draft are on ESPN2, not even the flagship ESPN channel. Yo, bowling is on ESPN’s flagship channel. Don’t expect to grow the game of hockey in the U.S. with the likes of NBC Sports Network and ESPN2 carrying some of your biggest professional hockey events. Laughable TV contracts… Do better, NHL.",NHL TV Contracts (U.S.)
1159,nhl,"Mad respect to Kenny Albert, he does a hell of a job, but it’s super weird not hearing Doc call the Cup finals. What’s your favorite Doc call? (generic or specific) My favorite generic is OHHH AND IT WOULDNT GO!!",Mike Emrick appreciation post/question
1160,nhl,David Pastranak has both of them,What do a Porsche Panamera and a dead baby have in common?
1161,nhl,,Palat’s tip in video.
1162,nhl,,Game 1 ends 5 - 1
1163,nhl,"I don’t have my computer with me in camp. Can someone make the meme of the dudes wearing the lightning logo on their shirt and have her wearing a Habs jersey please.

https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/449/412/c10.jpg",Piper peri meme.
1164,nhl,,Brendan Gallagher Tonight
1165,nhl,"Can someone tell me the name of the song that played after ""thunderstruck"" at the end of Game 1 tonight?",Tampa Bay Playlist
1166,nhl,,3 Bolts
1167,nhl,Anyone else want the habs to win just because they aren’t cheating like the lightning are? Just me? I think it makes the NHL look bad if a blatantly cheating team wins. $100 mil team,Rooting for the habs?
1168,nhl,,Kucherov to Stamkos 5-1 Final
1169,nhl,,"Tampa Bay Lightning Win Game 1, Stifle Montreal Momentum"
1170,nhl,,Enjoying
1171,nhl,,Gallagher not so much … healthy
1172,nhl,"Lighting already cheated by having the best players, now they're cheating by paying the refs. I can not believe that these are the best referees that the NHL can offer. These clowns are blind!","Gallagher could have died tonight, cute little ""roughing"" 2 mins :)"
1173,nhl,,Habs Need a viagra because that was some soft PPs
1174,nhl,,Habs need a viagra because those were some some soft PP
1175,nhl,Anyone else think there should have been more than just a 2 minute Power Play for Gally’s face plant?,The refs VS The Habs
1176,nhl,,Kucherov healthy? I think so
1177,nhl,,…and Kucherov arrives 4-1
1178,nhl,,"Nikita Kucherov, with his 0th goal of the playoffs."
1179,nhl,,Ondrej Palat 3-1 tip in
1180,nhl,GOOAAAAALLLLLL,Habs playin pinball baby! Wooo!
1181,nhl,,Why is there nothing in this sub about the Blackhawks allegations?
1182,nhl,,Yanni Gourde is credited with the tip in 2-0
1183,nhl,,Coleman scores 2-0
1184,nhl,,Coleman doesn’t miss. 2-0
1185,nhl,,What’s the Point? Brayden Point missed early.
1186,nhl,I was wondering... has there even been a whole playoff series in which the losing team gets swept without scoring a single goal the whole series?,Has there ever been a series with a team not scoring at all
1187,nhl,,Stadium Series at Nissan Stadium in 2022
1188,nhl,,Tampa fans browsing Twitter like
1189,nhl,,"Googled Canadiens, not disappointed by the first picture shown lmao"
1190,nhl,,made a comedy betting guide for the finals- enjoy!
1191,nhl,"When the refs do this I don't want to watch anymore ...tonight mostly non calling the Lighting ..lots of grabbing pushing down to the ice cross checking you name it..all in front of the refs. When the owners/GM's meet this coming year it's time to bombard them with how badly this needs to change ... regardless of how it was for them in the ""old days."" Old white men stuck in their egos .....",More horsh*t referee non-calls
1192,nhl,"Out of just pure curiosity, does anyone know how often the players replace their helmets?",Helmets
1193,nhl,"A question for Canadian tv viewers of the Stanley Cup Final, where is and what happened to Jim Hughson????",Anybody.....???
1194,nhl,I miss dem,Why are there no Stanley Cup Playoffs/Final ice graphics this year?
1195,nhl,The fact that they just resorted to doing that is so lazy. I always thought the playoff and finals graphics looked so nice printed underneath the ice. I hate this isn’t the new standard and they go back to it.,I absolutely hate how they projected the graphics on the ice all season and even more disappointed they carried into the playoffs and Stanley Cup.
1196,nhl,,Stadium Series at Nissan Stadium in 2022
1197,nhl,"I have a close family member who wants to skate at the Xcel Energy Center's rink.  He wants to skate on the same ice the pros skate on.   

It got me wondering, are there any arenas that would let the general public, season ticket holders, or even arena employees skate on the ice?   It's been his dream to skate on an NHL arena's ice.",Do any arenas in the NHL allow this?
1198,nhl,,"Please tell me this is the last handful of NHL games left with Pierre as a commentator, if ESPN hires him I’ll be so sad."
1199,nhl,"Watching the NHL playoffs this year, some hockey fans have been reminded of the 1993 Stanley Cup Finals. That was before my time as a hockey fan, although I am familiar with the series mainly due to Wayne Gretzky. Instead, I’m reminded of the 2004 Stanley Cup Finals when the Tampa Bay Lightning faced the Calgary Flames. In fact, I find it eerie how history sometimes repeats itself. I followed hockey a lot more closely at that time and I have fond memories of that series. I remember a Lightning team that was really good but probably not the best in the league, and a Flames team that represented Canada as an underdog by beating teams they probably shouldn’t have been able to. I know I’m not the only hockey fan who has made this comparison, and I decided to expand on the concept.

If you compare the 2021 Lightning to the 2004 Lightning, it’s pretty even. I prefer the 2004 Lightning. Naturally, I’m going to be biased because I was a bigger hockey fan during their era. However, I’ll explain. The teams match up pretty well. Can Nikita Kucherov compete with Martin St. Louis? Probably, because after all, they both won the Hart Trophy as the League’s Most Valuable Player. Can Brayden Point compete with Brad Richards? Probably, because they’re both outstanding players.

Both the 2021 Lightning and 2004 Lightning have fabulous supporting casts. In 2004, the Lightning had Vincent Lecavalier and Fredrik Modin. In 2021, the Lightning have Victor Hedman and Steven Stamkos. We’ve seen Andrei Vasilevskiy perform as a wonderful goaltender for the 2021 Lightning. Nikolai Khabibulin was a wonderful goaltender for the 2004 Lightning, and was downright dominant when his team won the Stanley Cup.

Here’s why I give the 2004 Lightning the edge, and I admit that I may be wrong to do this. The 2004 Lightning had a veteran captain in Dave Andreychuk. Ruslan Fedotenko stepped up in the playoffs and scored the same amount of goals as Brad Richards and one less than Jarome Iginla (I’ll get to that man soon). Based on these two factors along with the previously mentioned factors, I believe the 2004 Lightning could beat the 2021 Lightning, the 2021 Montreal Canadiens, and they did beat the 2004 Flames. However, it must be stressed that the 2004 Lightning vs. 2021 Lightning match-up would be extremely close.

Now, what about comparing the 2021 Canadiens to the 2004 Flames? You see, that’s the problem. The 2021 Canadiens are probably not as good as the 2004 Flames. Do they have anyone who is as good as Jarome Iginla? In my opinion, absolutely not. Tyler Toffoli is the closest because he’s a talented goal scorer, but I don’t think he can compete with Iginla as an overall player. Nick Suzuki and Cole Caufield are talented young players who are coming into their own, but they’re not quite there yet.

I like Iginla’s supporting cast from 2004 as well. Craig Conroy was a great player in his own right, and Martin Gelinas was clutch. Shean Donovan and Jordan Leopold were also excellent contributors. Once again, I’m biased towards the 2004 era, but facts are facts. When it comes to goaltending, I think Carey Price has been great for the 2021 Canadiens but he can’t compete with Miikka Kiprusoff of the 2004 Flames. Just to give you some perspective, Kiprusoff won the Vezina Trophy in 2006 as the top goaltender. He probably should have won it in 2004 as well. Price has also won the Vezina Trophy, but I don’t believe he’s playing at the same level as he used to.

This is all my opinion and I would welcome disagreements. Who do I think will win the Stanley Cup this year? I believe the Tampa Bay Lightning will win it in 7 games. At this point in my life, I’m old enough and wise enough to know that a team who has fought as hard as the Montreal Canadiens will push the Lightning to their absolute limit. Based on my analysis, a more appropriate prediction would be to pick the Lightning in 5 or 6 games. I’m not going to do that, however. Here’s how I see it: if I’m right, it will be good for hockey. If I’m wrong, who cares.

It doesn’t matter whether or not my assessment is correct. What’s important is that this instance of history repeating itself is truly ominous. When the Canadiens beat the Vegas Golden Knights this year, it was reminiscent of when the 2004 Flames eliminated the best teams in the Western Conference including the Detroit Red Wings. When the Lightning advanced to the Stanley Cup Finals by beating the New York Islanders in an outstanding series this year, it was reminiscent of the hard-fought series the Lightning played against the Philadelphia Flyers in the 2004 Eastern Conference Finals.

Quite frankly, I think it will be justice if my prediction comes true and the Lightning win in 7 games this year. In my mind, the 2004 Lightning should have been so much more. The 2005 lockout prevented them from potentially repeating as Stanley Cup Champions. As an American hockey fan, my interest in hockey began to drift when NHL left ESPN and signed a deal with Versus for financial reasons. Versus wasn’t as widely available and it made hockey difficult to follow.

When you think about those factors, the 2004 Lightning had their momentum cut short. Actually, it was a byproduct of hockey having its momentum cut short. If a team from the Sunshine State were to become back-to-back champions this year, to me it would signal a resurgence of hockey across the United States. Then again, I can completely understand the fans who want to see a Cinderella team from Canada win the Stanley Cup. Much like the 2004 Flames, I believe the 2021 Canadiens will fight hard down to the wire. And much like the 2004 Flames, I believe the 2021 Canadiens will never be forgotten by hockey fans.",Stanley Cup Finals - Comparing 2021 to 2004
1200,nhl,[removed],Are the Canadians the worst team ever to make the cup??
1201,nhl,,NHL expansion draft and regular draft dates announced
1202,nhl,,"No Chris Lee, Gary isn't caring anymore 😢"
1203,nhl,"Hey! I can’t make it tonight for the beginning of the game, is their a way to watch a delayed stream or something else? (I don’t have cable)",Watch a delayed stream
1204,nhl,,"Horrible news, as David Pastrnak shares the death of his newborn on instagram."
1205,nhl,,Tampa has a Corey Perry infestation
1206,nhl,Been feeling this? Lot of traditional pull from traditional Hockey fans.,Original 6 vs. Tampa
1207,nhl,,Weird coincidences with the Habs this postseason
1208,nhl,"I've been reading nhl reddit and it appears to me that a lot of people think Montreal is going to take this series because how good they can shut down the offense of the other team. However, if you look at the Tampa scores in this playoffs you can see how well they can shut down the opposite team as well. Tampa won 5 out of 16 games by scoring only 2 or fewer goals while Canadiens only won 2 games be scoring 2 or fewer goals. Tampa allowed on average 2 goal/game this postseason and 1.6 on average in the last 2 series which is almost identical to Montreal defensive stats. The thing is Canadiens have not played a team this postseason who can shot down the opposite team as well as themself . That being said, I think Canadiens ability of shutting down a team or Tampa's strong offense wont be a factor in this series, Tampa's ability to shut down the opposite team will be.",Key factor that will decide who is going to win SCF this year(IMHO)
1209,nhl,"Hello everyone, I hope this post finds you well. I am a college student here in Colorado. My teammates and I are trying to research and understand the brand perception of the Colorado Avalanche brand, from the perspective of our fellow Coloradans and hockey fans alike! It will only take about 4-7 minutes to complete and my team will greatly appreciate receiving the opinions of users in this sub. Thank you for your time and have a great rest of your day!

[https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_cMGqm2x74572kPs](https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_cMGqm2x74572kPs)",Colorado Avalanche Survey
1210,nhl,,Who's ready for game 1?!?
1211,nhl,,"""Tell me you're a Canadiens fan without telling me you're a Canadiens fan"""
1212,nhl," [New York Islanders Simply Lost to a Better Team in The Lightning (thehockeywriters.com)](https://thehockeywriters.com/islanders-lost-to-better-team-in-the-lightning/) 

This was a great Semifinal Series and ultimately, the Lightning reminded everyone why they are defending Cup Champions. What do you think were the deciding factors in the Semifinal Series?",Islanders Simply Lost to a Better Team in The Lightning
1213,nhl,,We're 2 forwards short of an all-Anderson team for an all-star game!
1214,nhl,"Hello! My name is Chris Seabury,

My team and I are currently conducting market research for a student project affiliated with the Business of Sports Certificate Program at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Our project is centered around the legalization of sports betting and how it is implemented into stadiums across professional sports. We would greatly appreciate it if you would take our short 5-10 minute survey on sports betting as this would give us valuable insight on how consumers perceive and engage with sports betting!

[https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_ezJBA2kyUxewtfM](https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_ezJBA2kyUxewtfM)",Short Survey on Sports Betting
1215,nhl,"Hello! My name is Chris Seabury,

My team and I are currently conducting market research for a student project affiliated with the Business of Sports Certificate Program at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Our project is centered around the legalization of sports betting and how it is implemented into stadiums across professional sports. We would greatly appreciate it if you would take our short 5-10 minute survey on sports betting as this would give us valuable insight on how consumers perceive and engage with sports betting!

[https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_ezJBA2kyUxewtfM](https://cuboulder.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_ezJBA2kyUxewtfM)",Short Survey
1216,nhl,,all logos except i can’t draw but i tried my best
1217,nhl,,Love goodwill sometimes
1218,nhl,,NHL star David Pastrnak announces death of newborn son
1219,nhl,,NHL to take one tweet and engrave it on a plaque next to Stanley Cup
1220,nhl,"Avalanche record- 39 wins, 13 losses, 4 OT losses

Golden Knights- 40 wins, 14 losses, 2 OT losses

Both at 82 points


Shouldn’t it have gone to Vegas, because they have more wins?",How did the Avalanche win the President’s Trophy?
1221,nhl,,Artturi Lehkonen Game Winning Goal at 1:39 in Overtime
1222,nhl,,Leave a stick out for Pastrnak's son to take with him to heaven. RIP Viggo
1223,nhl,"Hello hockey fans! Hope this is the right place to post this. 

Was thinking about starting a daily fun NHL fact thing on this page. All these facts have been checked and cross-referenced for validity. With that said, here is fact number one! Hope you enjoy this! I know I will

Fact #1 - It’s hard to believe but Wayne Gretzky and Gordie Howe actually played against each other… IN THE NHL! 

In 1979-80, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Hartford, and Quebec joined the NHL from the recently-defunct WHA. Gordie Howe, whose rookie year was 1947 suited up for the Whalers against a then-18 year old Wayne Gretzky for the Oilers. They would go on to play each other four times that NHL season, Howe’s last, and Gretzky’s first.",Daily fun NHL fact #1
1224,nhl,,Put a stick out for David Pastrnak's son to take with him to heaven. RIP Viggo
1225,nhl,,"Congratulations to Carey Price &amp; the Montreal Canadians on making it to the Stanley cup finals. As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of Price’s celebration! Hope you like it."
1226,nhl,,A rare photo from the 2020 bubble. Credit: @JohnForslund
1227,nhl,,"Too good not to share. DISCLAIMER: Not my meme. Has been cross posted in r/DallasStars , r/Caps and r/Habs . Sharing literally just for fun."
1228,nhl,,"reports say Ex-Chicago Blackhawks player says assistant coach sexually assaulted him in 2010 ASSOCIATED PRESS | 1:58 pm EDT June 25, 2021"
1229,nhl,,Absolutely heartbreaking and terrible news from David Pastrnak
1230,nhl,,Does anyone else find it weird that Milwaukee/Wisconsin doesn’t have an NHL team?
1231,nhl,"Who is winning the Stanley Cup??????

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o9c900)",Who has the Cup this year???
1232,nhl,,Montreal vs Tampa Bay TOMORROW
1233,nhl,"So, us mods didn't think we would have to do this, but we have decided that it's time to infiltrate some rules that we are constantly seeing!  These will be added to at any given time so check every so often!

&amp;#x200B;

**1. No Bashing of other Fans. That includes name calling.** 

**2. Trash Talking is a part of all sports, but keep it respectful.**

**3. No posting of anything inappropriate. That includes porn of any kind! Do not make sexual comments about female broadcasters. It's ok to say they are attractive, but nothing more than that. Women aren't sex objects!** 

**4. Don't flood the sub with pictures.** 

**5. NO Offensive words, such as: retard(ed), or anything else like that.** 

**6. No Racism, Bigotry, Xenophobia/transphobic/homophobic slurs!  Not even teasing! (Auto Permanent Ban)**

**7. Do NOT make duplicate posts!** 

**8. No Personal Attacks or Doxing**

**9. DO NOT SPAM! (Auto Permanent Ban)**",*~*~*~*~ RULES*~*~*~*~ PLEASE READ!
1234,nhl,"In my memory probably the 2011 canucks. Or the 2019 lightning, obviously.",Best team to not win the cup?
1235,nhl,"Anyone knows if we can watch full game or extented recap online?

Thanks",Full or extended game recap
1236,nhl,,Little too much fun after the game
1237,nhl,,Unknown signature- can anyone tell me who signed this? Cousin gave it to me and he had no clue
1238,nhl,,"As A Vegas Fan, GoodLuck Habs!"
1239,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o952bc)",Who’s the winner
1240,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o93db4)",Who do you want to win the Stanley Cup this year?
1241,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o8yxjd)",Should the salary cap be constant throughout the playoffs?
1242,nhl,"I'm from Europe and kinda new to the sport but I've already seen that many people dislike Vegas and I don't know why. If someone could tell me, I'd be really thankful :).",Why do so many people dislike Vegas?
1243,nhl,What’s the best Stanley cup final you’ve ever witnessed? For me it would have to be the 2009 penguins red wings rematch.,Best Stanley cup final?
1244,nhl,"Who do you have??? Vote now!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o8w3tt)",Montreal or Tampa!
1245,nhl,"What’s the worst Stanley cup finals in recent/extended memory? Or the one that you were least interested in? For that matter, what was the best?",Worst Stanley cup finals?
1246,nhl,,Seattle Kraken official Team Colors feel free to use for the NHL games
1247,nhl,,Video shows 2 beavers make their prediction on who will win The Stanley Cup this year.
1248,nhl,Is it wrong to not cheer for your hometown team,Teams
1249,nhl,,Is it possible to see what teams are on an NHL players no-trade list?
1250,nhl,,Let the Chris Lee nightmare match begin.
1251,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o8fafi)",How many games are the finals gonna go
1252,nhl,Do you guys think we are going to go back to the regular schedule format?,2021 - 2022 Season?
1253,nhl,,"All Atlantic Division Cup Final! Posted earlier about possibility of three Atlantic teams in final four (Boston flamed), of course everyone trashed MTL, lol"
1254,nhl,,https://www.reddit.com/r/nhl/comments/nslefp/atlantic_division_dominance/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
1255,nhl,,TBL when Corey Perry shows up for the finals again
1256,nhl,"Hello, I’m thinking of buying an autographed jersey from NHL.shop.
The autographed jerseys are in the Collectibles-section.
However, you can’t obviously choose size for the jersey since the player has already signed them.
Are these signed jerseys meant to be worn or like be hanged to the wall?
How do I know does the jersey fit for me?",NHL.shop autographed jersey size?
1257,nhl,,"As requested by my Red Wings fans, here’s my latest watercolour portrait of Bob Probert. Probert was a hockey legend as a fighter and enforcer, nicknamed the “Bruise Brothers” with his teammate Joey Kocur, during the late 1980s and early 1990s. Hope you like it. 🙏"
1258,nhl,"First of all, I think the games are going to be amazing. But, a good thing or bad thing could be that there might not be any heat. I think both teams are pretty good sportsmen. They have both had other team's players do them wrong during the playoffs. Barzal getting fined on Tampa and the Jets player getting suspended on Habs player. These teams don't seem to be filled with hotheads. Could be wrong though. Any thoughts?  


Obviously Habs' game is defense. One of the best goalies in Price. I also have seen that this team has a lot of heart and when they are motivated they will play harder and faster. They are great at stealing the puck and not letting the other team get through the neutral zone. Habs are most dangerous when they are close to the net.   


Tampa's strong side is their offence. Amazing shooters, they can shoot from far away or any angle. They play great as a team and have great offensive strategies. 

  
So it will be some of the best offense against the best defense. This is the game we want to see. 

Tampa won last year and they are very very good. I see this as an uphill battle for the Habs but they have been proving people wrong all along. There could be a whole new gear that we have not seen them shift into yet. The Habs will scratch and claw and make it very difficult for Tampa to make their offensive plays.   


May the best team win! Should be exciting!",My observations on Habs and Tampa
1259,nhl,,"Someone pointed out the Tampa goal from last night is arguably too many men. Not that it can be changed now, but thoughts?"
1260,nhl,,The Canadian press already talking smack
1261,nhl,,Dark-Horse Destinations for Top 2021 NHL Free Agents
1262,nhl,,Formula 1 driver Lance Stroll showing his support for the Montreal Canadiens at this weeks Styrian GP.
1263,nhl,"Cole actually shows he can show up in the playoffs when it matters and I genuinely think he's as good a player now as Auston is, and Cole is only going to get better. Plus hes on an ELC while Matthews is overpaid by like 4M.

I don't think there's much a choice, if you're asking who the best American goal scorer is in Canada, it's Cole. Someone give me a good reason why they'd pick AM right now over Cole right now.",Would you rather Cole Caufield on your team over Auston Matthews?
1264,nhl,"This will be his third straight cup final, I know he ain't that clutch guy but he plays his role and hopefully gets some recognition. Few years ago Shaw and Bickell had the same roles on Hawks but they're not mentioned too often.",P.Maroon going for a three-peat!
1265,nhl,Ha ha,I guess Brayden was on Point tonight
1266,nhl,"Google isn't being very helpful in trying to figure this one out so I'm hoping someone on this reddit would have the answer. And to be clear when I refer to a ""Stick Fight"" I'm referring to both NHL Players explicitly attacking one another with their sticks as opposed to throwing their sticks on the ground to box one another. Not referring to High Sticking or a Cross Check.

&amp;#x200B;

Got curious about the subject after watching this [video on Larry Zeidel and his brutal stick fight with Eddie Shack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBtgZUyZFts). Most recent occurrence seems to be [Behn Wilson vs Danny Gare in 1981.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoNHaivi1_g)",When was the last time a stick fight occurred in the NHL?
1267,nhl,I live in Ontario and it says it’s subject to blackouts. I don’t want to make the purchase if I can’t watch the games.,Can I watch the finals if I get the $30 monthly NHL Live subscription?
1268,nhl,,"24th Goalie in NHL to post 4 shutouts in a playoff, if he gets another one he is in 6th place."
1269,nhl,,GLHF
1270,nhl,,I bet more than a few people had one of these teams in the finals in their brackets. The other has got to be the surprise run of the century. Discuss.
1271,nhl,,Habs WILL WIN the CUP and make it look easy! 😁❤️
1272,nhl,,Killorn touched the Prince of Wales trophy. My superstitions are fully activated tonight.
1273,nhl,Every eastern team that won a cup since 2016 touch the prince of Wales trophy it isn’t curse not touching is curse now!,Touching the prince of Wales isn’t curse now
1274,nhl,,"What a finish, the cup final is set! Who will win?"
1275,nhl,,ANOTHER SHUTOUT!!! ⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️
1276,nhl,That’s all I wanted to say,This game was pretty boring
1277,nhl,,"I wonder if the Bolts learned their lesson from that season for this one? LOL Go Habs! (Team 2021 Canada) ...oh, and congrats to Canadian snowbirds in Tampa playing against the Canadiens!"
1278,nhl,,3 Stars
1279,nhl,,Prince of Wales Trophy
1280,nhl,I’m wondering if there’s a way to check what teams fan attendance was during some of their worst seasons to see which fans stick with their teams through the good and the bad?,Teams with the highest attendance during bad seasons?
1281,nhl,,Habs.
1282,nhl,"How are the lightning able to play with the roster they have and remain cap compliant? When they made trades in season and then activated kucherov, are they not way over the cap limit?",TBL Salary Cap Situation
1283,nhl,When will this Tampa super team come to an end?,Will the Tampa super team end ?
1284,nhl,,Tampa Bay Wins 1-0 short handed goal is the difference by Yanni Gourde
1285,nhl,,Stanley cup finals bound
1286,nhl,The Tampa Bay Lightning will play for a chance to hoist the cup back to back years,Tampa off to the Cup Finals
1287,nhl,,Money beats heart every time.
1288,nhl,,"Lightning Win Game 7, 1-0, and Advance to Stanley Cup Final"
1289,nhl,,hockey is best seen in person
1290,nhl,,"Made This For My Father, A Life Long Leafs Fan Who Is Losing His Mind"
1291,nhl,,Looks like SN and CBC called the game already
1292,nhl,,Tennessee State trying to become first HBCU with Division I hockey teams
1293,nhl,,Go habs go
1294,nhl,,Go habs go!
1295,nhl,"Does anyone know of a site i can catch the game 7 of tampa vs ny? It would be much appreciated, thank you 😁😁😁",Any place to watch game 7??
1296,nhl,,"Montreal, habs, centre bell crowd last night"
1297,nhl,,Not going to lie. This was a grind. But it feels so sweet now.
1298,nhl,,Riot police teargas celebrating Habs fans after semi-final series win
1299,nhl,,Does anyone not hate Vegas?
1300,nhl,"First off this isn't meant to attack Vegas fans. If you're a Vegas fan and new fans are great. Im not obsessed with hockey ""growing"" but meeting new hockey fans are always great and you guys have done a good job rallying behind Vegas. 

So I do not like Vegas out of the jealously of there immediate success and they eliminated the avs (my second favorite team) so I myself was not cheering for Vegas at all. Especially when there the only team the NHL ever apologized too and immediately changed the rule even as someone who likes the rule. I agree with the rule change because referee's should be given the opportunity to get things right in the fast paced sport.

So I've always liked Montreal as a Canes fan the first series I ever followed featured Montreal in the first round 06 series. An after Canes Avs and Oilers were all eliminated I was like ok go Habs go and it seems like everyone agreed.

I don't think I've seen hockey this united around 1 team in a playoff series. Even as a canes fan I still see people dislike us in playoff series but I rarely see people cheer for a team like Montreal. And its not like it is a hard luck Franchise they have 24 cups. This would be a quarter century of cups if they win and Leaf fans, Canes fans Avs fans Wild fans, hell I've even seen Boston Fans cheer for the Habs. The fact that there is 1 Boston fan cheering for Montreal is shocking enough but multiple.

But I think this is a testament to how fun this run has been and if you guys do win ill be very happy for hurricanes legend himself Joel Edmondson getting a ring.

Eric Staal aswell.",I find it hilarious that what feels like 90% of the hockey community have rallied behind Montreal
1301,nhl,"If someone has an article or report on this, that’d be great. I’m super curious. Thanks.",Who’s the best drafting team over the past 6-7 years?
1302,nhl,,😁
1303,nhl,,Montreal is in the Eastern Conference yet won the Clarence S. Campbell Bowl. This is quite shocking for me.
1304,nhl,,Video: Former Leafs asst. coach Dave Hakstol named as Kraken's first head coach
1305,nhl,,The Habs are legit
1306,nhl,,Think we all know what will happen if the Canadiens lose….
1307,nhl,,Orca logo for canucks sucks
1308,nhl,,Carey “Chad” Price
1309,nhl,,"Requested by u/BOBObizzareadventure, here is Vasy! I hope you guys like him!"
1310,nhl,,Blackhawks organization covered up Video Coach sexually assaulting a player
1311,nhl,,Live look at Toronto on Monday
1312,nhl,,Is this something?
1313,nhl,,"Is there a reason that the team icons are swapped around on the NHL.com playoffs bracket chart, or is it just bad design? It looks so stupid for the outcome of the Canadiens-Jets bracket to be Tampa Bay."
1314,nhl,,Pietrangelo Breaks Camera
1315,nhl,,Start of my collection. Anyone know a good place to find these?
1316,nhl,"Hi all, I will keep this short and simple!

I  just GOTTA get a Winnipeg Jets Starter Jacket like the one in these  pictures for a special project/my collection! I will pay VERY WELL for  it so if anyone has one or knows someone who does PLEASE HELP ME OUT!  Thanks!!!!

https://preview.redd.it/rno1eqmz0g771.jpg?width=960&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=166e431df93b3f6386e0a25f9281cfffbec2e145

https://preview.redd.it/arusuqmz0g771.png?width=1062&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=0af22340da17bdfcf7885c01bfac752ebf4f6aa9",WINNIPEG JETS STARTER JACKET - NEED HELP FINDING ONE - WILL PAY VERY WELL!
1317,nhl,,Remember 1996?
1318,nhl,,Bonjour
1319,nhl,"People criticize his him 24/7, but thanks to his expansions there are die hard hockey fans in Florida, California, Nevada, Texas &amp; Tennessee. Even with Arizona’s poor record, minor hockey has become competitive there",Unpopular opinion: Betman will never get the credit he deserves
1320,nhl,,cigarette clouds and a beer can hail storm was in the forecast
1321,nhl, Hey there u/nhl how come the playoff brackets on [https://www.nhl.com/stanley-cup-playoffs/2021](https://www.nhl.com/stanley-cup-playoffs/2021) have the final 4 teams in the wrong conference brackets?,Stanley Cup Playoffs
1322,nhl,,That is why you fail...
1323,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/695qkrt09f771.png?width=960&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=0a080e7c27b0e49efa504e64e7dfed712b4902f6",That is why you fail...
1324,nhl,"Yesterday after the Habs clinched the cup, a salty pens fan and friend of mine had a debate with me and two of my other friends (one is a habs fan, one is a leafs fan). 

He was arguing over the fact that the Habs only made it because of COVID and how it isn't regular divisions and was also whining about the Habs fans being annoying. We kept explaining to him that we would never know what would have happened if it was normal circumstances because it never happened and tat the Habs were skillful enough to knock out the Leafs, Jets, and VGK so they have played with enough skill and heart to reach the finals as a team.

Even the Leafs fan who was our friend wnted to see us do well for the county of Canada and could insist that his team wasn't good enough and was outplayed.

He still would not insist that this is reality and when I go on social medias such as reddit and youtube, I see everyoe happy for the Habs. Is it normal for people to have hate on an underdog team like the Habs and be so salty about it? If I was in the role for anyone else's team making the finals, I wouldn't slander them and accept that is reality personally.",Is it normal for people to be salty about an underdog team's success and find excuses for it?
1325,nhl,,Preds at it again
1326,nhl,,Long Term Injured Reverse for Kucherov
1327,nhl,,Dance like nobody's watching. Go Habs go and bring the Stanley Cup back to Canada where it belongs.
1328,nhl,"Obviously this is in reference to Montreal making their first Stanley cup final since 1993 last night, but this is applicable to the nhl in general, especially the last decade. 

I don’t know why, but I get extremely annoyed when teams I consider inferior wind up winning against teams that I would consider better. This is not because I prefer certain teams necessarily (although sometimes I do), it’s usually because I feel that having success in the sport is at times arbitrary. For example, back when the penguins eliminated the capitals in the second round of 2017, I was extremely irritated. This was not because I liked the capitals, in fact, they’re one of my least favorite teams and I was pretty upset when they won the cup the following season. But nevertheless, it seemed obvious to me that the capitals were the better team, and they lost anyway. I had the same sensation last night, even though this series between Vegas and Montreal was much closer, Vegas was not only the better team on paper, but they had all the momentum, dominating the third period and the first couple minutes of overtime before a bad transition cost them the game. Of course, they could’ve done more to win, but it all just made me realize how much the sport rewards chance.

I remember personally feeling relief when Tampa won last year, because it felt like the first time since maybe 2014 that the best team actually won. Maybe it’s because I have this reverence for hockey and hockey history, I obsess over shit like all time stats and roster composition, and I also coach, but I pretty much always want to see the best team rewarded. And I know the concept of who is best is arbitrary, obviously a team that finishes higher in the standings is not necessarily better than a lower seed, but I’ve seen so many outright mediocre teams get hot and lucky at the right time, and I remember it since childhood. The 2002 hurricanes, the 2003 mighty ducks, the 2004 flames, the 2006 oilers, all completely mediocre teams who made the final in consecutive seasons when I was young. Maybe I’m being an ass, I just can’t bring myself to enjoy a final that doesn’t feel like the best teams are in it.",Am I the only one who gets annoyed when “worse” teams are successful?
1329,nhl,,Just to remind everyone what happen last time a Canadian team went to the cup final
1330,nhl,"Wowo, just wow everytine I woke up throughout these playoffs to expect mtl to have lost or be put, im shocked  they are playing some amazing hockey right now!  Im not a Habs fan but I really want to see  price win a cup , he deserves it !",The price is right
1331,nhl,,Just gonna post this here...
1332,nhl,,"Buy a ticket, take the ride...."
1333,nhl,,"Fuck the Canadians and fuck hockey Reddit. Y’all are a bunch of soft, soft pussies"
1334,nhl,Allez chain,Allez allez allez
1335,nhl,[removed],Miami building collapse: Rescuers listen for signs of life in rubble
1336,nhl,"I’ve been seeing a lot of cheering that Vegas got defeated in the semis, any specific reason? Or are there just a lotttttt of canadiens fans in this sub?","New hockey fan here, why is Vegas hated so much?"
1337,nhl,,"Hi, /u/steeveperry I believe you owe us an apology."
1338,nhl,,Sexual assault reported by former Blackhawks player.
1339,nhl,,"Alright, which one of you did this?"
1340,nhl,,A story of Perry's face during the stanley cups series in 4 acts. Go Habs Go !
1341,nhl,,Can somebody tell these fans that their team won? And that the Vancouver riots accomplished nothing...
1342,nhl,,Never gets old
1343,nhl,,Sorry we're you expecting Las Vegas to win? 😜 -Montreal Canadians Fan.
1344,nhl,,Seems about right
1345,nhl,,Never.
1346,nhl,,"We who’s in the Stanley Cup Finals on one side, who ya got winning TB-NYI tomorrow night to meet the Cinderella story Habs?"
1347,nhl,,Posting Everyone’s biggest fear tonight
1348,nhl,,I made so many memes for VGK downfall
1349,nhl,,Goal Caufield with that damn smile
1350,nhl,,Google still holding out hope for the Knights
1351,nhl,,"Can someone explain why this seems to be acceptable outside the arena yet the capacity inside is limited to 3,500?"
1352,nhl,,LETS GO
1353,nhl,,Totally not fake I saw it on Twitter
1354,nhl,,This was my favourite part of the series
1355,nhl,,Bergevin celebration in full effect.
1356,nhl,"NONE of the Habs touching the Campbell Cup.  


God I love that.  


It has to be them.  


Montreal has to bring it Home.",Best part of the post-game
1357,nhl,,PTSD alert
1358,nhl,,The Price is Right
1359,nhl,,"Guess things didn’t go as planned, Gary."
1360,nhl,Does the nhl have to revamp the point system this off-season? Montreal got in the playoffs because of overtime losses,Regular season point system
1361,nhl,"J'ai  30 ans pis je me sens comme si j'en avais 3. C'est weird de voir mon fils de 2 ans et me dire ayoye, j'avais son âge la dernière fois.

Savourons ce moment! L'histoire s'écrit devant nous.","Bonne Saint-Jean les amis. Aouaye, amener Tampa Bay, ça sent la coupe 🎉"
1362,nhl,,4 more
1363,nhl,,Montreal fans just for tomorrow night
1364,nhl," 

*Much respect to the Vegas centreman at the end for intentionally shoving it back into his team's zone to compensate for the refs not calling icing against his team when it was blatantly obvious it should have been.*  
**That is TRUE SPORTSMANSHIP.**

GO CANADA/HABS GO!!!!!!!!",Vegas exhibited true sportsmanship. Chose to not win game by rigging.
1365,nhl,Montreal Wins!!!!,Canadians upset
1366,nhl,"Now that the knights are gone, I don’t know what team I want to win. It’s now between a bunch of lobsters that have somehow stumbled their way to a semi game 7 averaging 20 shots (also eliminated my bruins so some salt there), last years champs who are now 17 mil over cap in playoffs (does anyone other than bolts fans want them to repeat?) and the Canadian team trying to end a cup drought (It’s my patriotic duty as an American to want the cup to stay out of Canada). RIP, Vegas, you were my last hope.",Who to cheer for now
1367,nhl,,An interesting title
1368,nhl,,Habs miracle run continues!
1369,nhl,,Those fuckers! They did it! So proud of them
1370,nhl,,OT GWG for the Canadiens
1371,nhl,,"“Leafs in 4.” “Jets in 4.” “North division is weak, wait till they face a real team.” “Knights in 4.”"
1372,nhl,,Habs are going to the finals baby!!!
1373,nhl,,Elimination red indeed
1374,nhl,"I don’t really give a shit how unpopular this opinion might be: Pete DeBoer is the WORST decision VGK has made in its short history. Who picks up a coach that can’t manage a multi-year Stanley Cup capable team as soon as he’s fired?? He can’t manage lines worth a shit and even provoked a void of loyalty within the Vegas organization. Don’t bring on a failure and expect success. Eject the cancer that is Pete DeBoer just like SJ did and get a REAL coach, damnit.","Oh look, Pete DeBoer creating another San Jose"
1375,nhl,,Canadiens advance to Stanley Cup Final after defeating Golden Knights in Game 6
1376,nhl," 

MONTREAL IS OFF TO THE STANLEY CUP FINALS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",MONTREAL IS OFF TO THE STANLEY CUP FINALS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1377,nhl,,Habs in the overtime this season
1378,nhl,,GO HABS GO
1379,nhl,,And Gooooooooaaaaallllll !!!
1380,nhl,,Montreal slays the dragon
1381,nhl,"Congrats, Habs!","Lost, Vegas!"
1382,nhl,,Bettman must be having a heart attack!!!
1383,nhl,"Sorry Bettman, better luck next year.",Montreal beat Vegas to advance to the finals.
1384,nhl,,The knights curse!
1385,nhl,LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,FUCK VEGAS PARTY!
1386,nhl,,"How can they call a penalty from up top, but they can’t call that icing back?"
1387,nhl,"If both brackets go into a 7-game series, when will the Stanley cup matches start?",Is there time off between semi finals and finals?
1388,nhl,,The messiah
1389,nhl,,I couldn't stop myself.
1390,nhl,,Nice.
1391,nhl,,Not too many men?
1392,nhl,,I don’t know what the NHL app is on but I just got this notification now
1393,nhl,,Je me souviens. Remember when they said the north division was the weakest. Remember when they said we wouldn't pass the Jets.
1394,nhl,,Canadiens on a Roll
1395,nhl,,Hope they had socks on
1396,nhl,,Coloring pages for young Habs fans.
1397,nhl,,ESPN Signs Six-time Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier as NHL Analyst
1398,nhl,[https://blog.ownersbox.com/hockey-news/new-jersey-devils-protection-list/](https://blog.ownersbox.com/hockey-news/new-jersey-devils-protection-list/),New Jersey Devils Projected Protection List
1399,nhl,,Seattle Kraken's New Head Coach
1400,nhl,"Disclaimer: These views are my views alone and are not a representation of fans opinions or views in the wider NHL fanbase.

&amp;#x200B;

I have been an NHL fan since the early 90's here in the U.K when Channel 5 had the rights to the Sunday &amp; Thursday night games along with the playoffs &amp; the Stanley cup, but after they lost the rights I fell away from the sport because I no longer had access to the channels that it was now provided on.

Jump to 2017 when I found out that the NHL had a streaming service and that access to games would be easier for me to follow it was now time for me to decide which team I was going to follow &amp; as it happens Vegas had their expansion draft so I decided they would be my team moving forward, now I have enjoyed being a Vegas/hockey fan immensely but as the seasons have wore on I have come to realise just how fucking toxic the vocal minority can be over such trivial shit.

Let's start with the whole **""Vegas Were Handed A Team""**

If it was indeed the case that Vegas were in fact handed a team (they weren't) why in the hell were they perceived to be the ""misfits"" &amp; the team that nobody wanted? Pittsburgh could have protected Fleury they didn't, minnesota Could have protected Reaves they didn't, the same with Karlsson, Theadore, Marchessault etc they weren't protected because the GM's of their respective teams at the times saw them as expendable thus not bothering to shield them.

They were the names Vegas were given to pick from at the time &amp; they did so the ""handed a team"" doesn't wash.

2. **""Hockey Won't Work In The Desert""**

Correct me if i'm losing my fucking mind but the Coyotes are in Arizona &amp; what is Arizona surrounded by? That's right DESERT &amp; that has worked for Arizona which in turn low &amp; behold has worked better for Vegas because they're in Vegas, a town built on entertainment.

Not only that but the population of Vegas have been crying out for some kind of sports franchise because unless you want to play golf or go to the strip (which doesn't normally skew towards family entertainment) Vegas up until the knights &amp; now the raiders were a thing didn't have much in the way of family entertainment. Now with the Knights &amp; Raiders though you have something that families &amp; sports fans can latch onto in Vegas so that the city no longer is just known for casinos &amp; shows on the strip.

&amp;#x200B;

3. ""The Golden Knights Get Preferential Treatment""

This one pisses me off because this is not on the team, this one falls solely on the shoulders of the officials who are officiating the games at the time, as Steve Dangle pointed out we are one of the teams in the league who commit very few in game penalties &amp; if the referees aren't calling the infractions we are causing then that isn't on us or any team in the league for that matter. (looking at you Chris Lee)

You want to stop the preferential treatment teams get in the NHL the Bettman needs to sit down with the officials &amp; tell them to do their fucking job &amp; call the games by the rule book &amp; not you know ""whenever they feel like it"". This is an officiating problem NOT a Golden Knights problem.

&amp;#x200B;

4. ""Seattle Won't Get The Same Deal Vegas Got""

Seattle WILL absolutely get the same deal Vegas got, in actual fact they'll get a better deal because this might surprise you they paid more money! Oh the horror, an incoming franchise pays $650 million &amp; gets a crop of seasoned vetern &amp; young gun talent's to choose from should GM's choose not to shield them during the expansion draft. 

What are they supposed to do ""Ok Seattle you paid $650M but for that all you get to pick from are players at each position that are bottom 6 at best"" It doesn't work like that, the team coming in needs to be successful from the get go.

If an arena doesn't have fans the team doesn't make money &amp; if the team doesn't make money the franchise dies before it has a chance to find it's feet. With how cliquey fans can be if it were up to them the NHL would be just the original 6 with a message to new potential teams ""NONE SHALL PASS!"" if they could have their way.

I love this sport for it's inclusiveness &amp; I feel like I don't need to hide my team allegiance because the criticism from other fan bases don't really exist. (Here in Scotland where Soccer is king it's not nearly as open &amp; inclusive) but there are a small number who don't want it to be inclusive &amp; would rather shout down others because of a difference of opinion or a perceived favouritism.

Finally let hockey be a sport of friendship rather than one cliques &amp; gate keeping, finally support who you support with fun &amp; passion whilst welcoming others into this wonderful sport.",This Needs To Stop
1401,nhl,,Don't worry well go back to hating each other if we play each other in the cup.
1402,nhl,,Long Island went full Monkey Brain and I love it
1403,nhl,Can they please just shut the fuck up about barzal for 5 seconds? Jesus christ the guys not even that great.,Announcers
1404,nhl,,[CascadiaSN] The Seattle Kraken have announced Dave Hakstol as their first coach.
1405,nhl,,"As the Habs inch closer to the Cup, and as more and more of the Hockeyverse refers to them as ""Canada's team"" much to our despair...."
1406,nhl,,"As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of Nick Suzuki’s game 5 OT goal celebration with Cole Caufield. Who should I paint next? Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share. 🙏"
1407,nhl,,"As the Habs inch closer to the Cup, and as and more of the Hockeyverse refers to them as ""Canada's team"" much to our despair...."
1408,nhl,,"The expression when he is told ""You won't start next game Robin"""
1409,nhl,,Sign the Petition
1410,nhl,,"I'm not bilingual, but is ""bon appetit ce soir"" close enough ?"
1411,nhl,,Stay classy
1412,nhl,"Game 1 will be on Wednesday (6/30) at 8pm ET on NBC (US) and CBC/SN (Canada).

Game 2 will be next Friday (7/2) at 8pm ET on NBCSN (US) and CBC/SN (Canada). I don’t know about Games 3-7 yet.

I’m don’t know about Games 3-7 yet.",The First 2 Games Of The Cup Finals
1413,nhl,,Game 1 Of The Cup Finals Will Be On Wednesday At 8pm ET On NBC (US) And CBC/SN (Canada)
1414,nhl,,Game 1 Of The Cup Finals Will Be On Wednesday At 8pm ET
1415,nhl,"I’m new to the NHL and I live in a country in Europe where hockey is non-existent but i’ve been following the NHL for the past 4 months and I really want to choose a team to root for now. 

Want I mostly want in a team is: 
- Great arena atmosphere/solid fanbase
- A team with good history on the NHL 
- A team who hasn’t had much success recently because I don’t want to jump a bandwagon (I’m used to misery, I can take it if the fanbase is there to back the team up) 

Teams I already discarded because I don’t see myself going for them: 
Blackhawks, Canadiens, Bruins, Penguins, Capitals, Avalanche, Panthers, Stars, Blues, Lightning, Predators, Kings, Sharks, Oilers, Flames, Coyotes, Golden Knights, Blue Jackets, Jets, Islanders, Canucks, Hurricanes, Senators, Kraken, Wild, Ducks. 

This leaves me with: 
Devils, Flyers, Maple Leafs, Rangers, Red Wings and Sabres. 

So, which of those 6 should I go for? 

Thanks and kudos in advance for anyone willing to help.",Help a guy out choosing his team
1416,nhl,,Help a guy out choosing his team
1417,nhl,,Cup final prediction
1418,nhl,,Calvin at his best.
1419,nhl,,beer cans flying on the ice after the siren
1420,nhl,,"The average NHL referee salary figure is between $165,000 and $360,000 per year."
1421,nhl,,"After tonights win, the islanders are the closest theyve ever been to a cup since 1984. Feels. Fucking. Good."
1422,nhl,,One petition I can support.
1423,nhl,"There is a penalty on the books for cross-checking. When it isn't called, is it for any specific, known reason? I'm literally looking for an explanation why Chris Lee isn't biased or for the league not rigging this. The pattern is just too strong not to notice.",Is there a seasoned hockey fan who wants to explain when cross checks are allowed? Because clearly they are a lot of the time.
1424,nhl,,Parallel Players Episode II: Tom Wilson &amp; Matt Cooke
1425,nhl,,Montreal Canadiens last Canadian team alive in NHL Playoffs
1426,nhl,,Habs playoffs movie poster
1427,nhl,,This video aged well... Flyers Draft Cam York Over Cole Caufield (2019)
1428,nhl,,"Petition calling for NHL ref's firing gets over 27,000 signatures"
1429,nhl,,One more in Tampa for a trip to the finals.
1430,nhl,,"Don’t mind me, just walking by."
1431,nhl,,We’ve got a Game 7. Who ya got?
1432,nhl,,Islanders Win with Overtime Goal 3-2 Force Game 7
1433,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o6slr9)",Who do you think is going to win the semi finals?
1434,nhl,,One more in Tampa for a trip to the finals!
1435,nhl,,One more in Tampa for a trip to the finals!
1436,nhl,,You've gotta brace yourself for victory
1437,nhl,The Isles are going to game 7 lets gooo!!!!!,OH MY GOD
1438,nhl,all those tall boys being thrown on the ice was hilariously dangerous. kinda hype!,can decide wether islanders the best fans or the worst fans?!
1439,nhl,,New York islanders overtime goal!
1440,nhl,,"As requested by someone, I drew Sidney Crosby, the Captain of the Pittsburgh Penguins, I hope you like him!"
1441,nhl,Why? It seemed kinda dangerous for their team… who just won.,Islanders Win - NY fFans Still Throw Beer On The Ice
1442,nhl,,Greasy
1443,nhl,,Wtf was that
1444,nhl,,Now that was a good game. Hopefully we get to see Barry Trotz Beast mode for Game 7.
1445,nhl,,Islander fans are rowdy! Can the announcers maybe not complain about beer cans?
1446,nhl,,Is this for real or we trying to save cap space Coop?
1447,nhl,,Maybe too soon …
1448,nhl,,New York islanders fans let Steven Stamkos know how they feel
1449,nhl,,Jullian Johanson
1450,nhl,"I'm curious to see how it will go. If he is unfair to one team, I will definitely root for that team.",Chris Lee is officiating game 6 between Tampa and New-York
1451,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o6omem)",What colour suit will Marc Bergevin wear for game 6 in Montreal?
1452,nhl,,MONTREAL CANADIENS vs VEGAS GOLDEN KNIGHTS - GAME 5 LIVE REACTION [2BCProductions] - Youtube
1453,nhl,"Are there fans out there that are just band waggoning lol , I wonder in other fan bases are there fans that only show up to games and get behind teams when they are good or do they stay in the bad times lol can anyone vouch on this",How supportive are fan bases?
1454,nhl,"Recently it was said that to pull a Jack Eichel trade the receiving team will have to give up 4 to 6 components. This is coming from a high executive from the Sabres organization. 
1. Top six Center 25 or under
2. Top five defenseman 25 or under
3. A first-round pick 
4. Prospect
5. Prospect
6. Prospect

Can this even happen with today's market? 
The Ducks and Blue Jackets think this is possible.
What do you think will be fair trade and are the Sabres just blowing smoke? 
I still think they shouldn't trade him anyways.",Jack Eichel trade will cost
1455,nhl,"Gaudreau Or Nylander

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o6l0xb)",Gaudreau Or Nylander
1456,nhl,,"Some Caps drawings and Comics I made, I hope you like, god bless!"
1457,nhl,[deleted],Hi
1458,nhl,[https://blog.ownersbox.com/hockey-news/anaheim-ducks-protection-list/](https://blog.ownersbox.com/hockey-news/anaheim-ducks-protection-list/),Anaheim Ducks Projected Protection List
1459,nhl,,Who do you guys think the top fee agents this offseason are going to be!?
1460,nhl,,[Request] how many times have players recorded a shut out in net and scored a goal in one game?
1461,nhl,,it’s a mystery
1462,nhl,What does that team look like next season? Does anyone care to formulate the lines?,Montreal Canadiens '21-'22
1463,nhl,,Sad money noises.
1464,nhl,,Golden Knights fans this morning
1465,nhl,,ESPN top headlines during NHL Playoffs
1466,nhl,,Keep going.
1467,nhl,,Don't stop now.
1468,nhl,,An accurate impersonation
1469,nhl,The assistant coach to the intern coach is a win away from going to the cup.  Montreal is so dialled in they don’t even need a coach. Anybody could be back there.  A cardboard cut out of a guy in a suit could be back there.  It’s automatic.,Assistant coach
1470,nhl,,Montreal Canadiens Impress in Game 5 Win
1471,nhl,,After Thursday's game! :&gt;
1472,nhl,,When Habs win be like..
1473,nhl,,The gods have spoken
1474,nhl,,“Consensus pick”
1475,nhl,"I'm no millennial but, from my understand of the word YEETED, I think it's safe to say that Vegas were YEETED correct?",Did Vegas get YEETED tonight?
1476,nhl,,Mrw the Zebras lose Game 5
1477,nhl,,How many goals did the Habs score tonight? You know it.
1478,nhl,,Jumping on the habs bandwagon
1479,nhl,,NBC Bias
1480,nhl,Habs have been competitive all series long. There is no reason to believe the North was weaker.  The Habs are just proving that now.  The NHL is a parity league.,"Even if the Habs don't win the series, we have to retire the narrative that the North was by far the worst division and no one could compete with the American Divisions"
1481,nhl,,See you on St-Jean-Baptiste.
1482,nhl,"I think the refs have done a mostly good job this game. They set a tone early by penalizing Byron for a cross check, demonstrated consistency by calling it again on Theodore, and handled a potential high sticking major PERFECTLY. They called it, reviewed it, and reversed it when they saw it was a follow through. They haven’t gone crazy calling every tiny infraction, but players know there is a line tonight. As a result, players have toned down the extra curricular non-sense, and I haven’t been focusing on how bad the refs are instead of hockey. Pretty pleased so far. Here’s hoping they can continue through the third.",This is what decent reffing looks like
1483,nhl,Is the best pass in the history of hockey. It gave me wood,That Eric Staal to Armia pass...
1484,nhl,,Haha love it-- Montreal Playing like they care with spit and grit. Vegas' top players playing like they don't want to work. Am I right?? You bet i am..
1485,nhl,,"Just here to say, this is a sad finish if this is it for Fleury"
1486,nhl,Which nhl team has the craziest and weirdest fans?,Weirdest nhl fan bases
1487,nhl,,🇨🇦
1488,nhl,But obviously they will only use that power to remove golden Knights penalties... #GoldenRefs,So they can review penalties?
1489,nhl,,How I imagine Kotkaniemi during the intermission
1490,nhl,,Jusu
1491,nhl,"No, I'm not kidding. These guys are in the best shape physically and mentally then the refs in the other 3 sports. Its the fastest game out of the 4 and that requires quick decisions and cat like reflexes to get out of the way of pucks and players. These guys take a beating on the ice and sure as hell don't need to take shit from fans! 

Fuck everyone that gives them a hard time for missed calls. They are doing the best they can do. If its not good enough for you go watch baseball.",Give some love to the best officiating in the big four sports!!
1492,nhl,"What channels start broadcasting &gt;1hr before the pucks drop and gets the hype going? 

I’m a Swede following the playoffs with dedication. Problem is my Swedish channel only start streaming as the games begins. Same with NHL.tv.

I’ll use VPN tunnels, so any US/Canadian sports channel recommendations are recommended.

My sleep cycle is so messed up, haven’t missed a game in 14 days and they all start at 1-2 AM here. But it’s worth it!",Where can I watch extensive pre-game analysis?
1493,nhl,,"RIP Rene Robert, a third of the legendary French Connection back in the 70's. You made Buffalo proud."
1494,nhl,,Phase 2 starts 12 players can be on ice at once !
1495,nhl,,Corey Perry if he makes it to the Stanley Cup.
1496,nhl,,TSN - IF NHL REFS HAD PRESS CONFERENCES (MONTREAL/VEGAS GAME 4 EDITION)
1497,nhl,"Hello everyone, this has been a wild series between NYI and TBL so far! If you recorded your live reaction to Ryan Pulock's game 4 save (at home or in the arena) please share them in this thread for a chance to be featured on this week's episode of Quest for the Stanley Cup on ESPN+.",PULOCK'S SAVE REACTIONS
1498,nhl,,we might never know
1499,nhl,"How would you guys suggest I get into the NHL? Like knowing the players, knowing the hockey terms, and such. If this helps I got into the NBA and basketball by watching KOT4Q's videos on YouTube. I know it's kind of late since it's playoff time but I still wanna learn so I know the terms and the notable players. Also I know there's a thread for new fans but no one replied to my comment and it seemed like the thread wasn't very active, so my apologies if I shouldn't have posted.",What's a good way to learn the basics of the NHL and Hockeys as a whole?
1500,nhl,,Best MVP
1501,nhl,[removed],Should NHL expand the teams?
1502,nhl,,"As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of Cole Caufield’s first playoff goal. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share. 🙏"
1503,nhl,,Referees Kelly Sutherland and Eric Furlatt are scheduled to work Game 5 of the Vegas/Montreal series tonight. (Chris Johnston)
1504,nhl,,Chandler Stephenson is on the ice for morning skate. (Jesse Granger)
1505,nhl,,"Marc-Andre Fleury is off the ice, and likely starting Game 5 for the Golden Knights. (Jesse Granger)"
1506,nhl,[https://ownersbox.kinsta.cloud/fantasy-hockey/expansion-draft-buffalo-sabres-protection-list/](https://ownersbox.kinsta.cloud/fantasy-hockey/expansion-draft-buffalo-sabres-protection-list/),Buffalo Sabres Protection List Prediction
1507,nhl,""" We continue to celebrate Pride with a charity auction to benefit the NYCGHA Scholarship Fund. This pandemic has been difficult for many industries in the NYC area, and some of our membership has been disproportionately affected by economic hardship. We are aiming to raise enough money during Pride to fund all those affected by Covid-related financial issues who might not otherwise be able to return to the ice when programming resumes.  


These auctions are hosted on GalaBid; 100% of the money raised from the sale of these items will go to the scholarship fund. Auction winners will be asked to make a small donation for GalaBid to continue supporting nonprofit organizations like ours.  


Thank you to the New York Rangers and New York Islanders for their generous contribution of auction items. These auctions end at 9 p.m. on Sunday, June 27. Enjoy and good luck bidding! """,NYC Gay Hockey Association Pride Scholarship Fundraiser Auction
1508,nhl,,So who's your choice?
1509,nhl,,PANIK
1510,nhl,,The dogs breakfast of Officiating. Go Habs Go!
1511,nhl,Hoping for a blowout tonight on Kight's anus,Can we get 8-0 for Habs vs Veg plz?
1512,nhl,"Do you think this will change all sports leagues? 

&amp;#x200B;

[https://cryptknow.com/nhl-team-san-jose-sharks-to-accept-payments-via-bitcoin-dogecoin-and-others/](https://cryptknow.com/nhl-team-san-jose-sharks-to-accept-payments-via-bitcoin-dogecoin-and-others/)",Soon all of the NHL will accept Doge and Bitcoin
1513,nhl,,Just like that
1514,nhl,,Which one is your favorite?
1515,nhl,"So I've gotta admit, I really like the 2021 Playoff format. The prospect of 4 independent divisions with each team being able to play any of the other 23 teams (24 after the Kraken start play) outside of their division is amazing! Imagine a theoretical Stanley Cup Final between Boston and Montreal (for example) in the modern era, a possibility that this new format allowed for THIS YEAR. It would be insane!

So I think that this format should be retained post-2021, albeit slightly altered. There's a way to make this format even better than it already is and allow for anybody to play anybody in the Finals. Pittsburgh vs Washington, Edmonton vs Calgary, the Rangers vs the Islanders, New Jersey vs Philadelphia, and of course the aforementioned Boston vs Montreal. 

Obviously, the NHL will be reverting back to the planned 2021-22 divisional alignment next season. Therefore, that must be retained in this new proposed format. The slight change that should be made is allowing only the top 3 teams from each division and then taking 4 wildcards, the 4 ""next best"" teams league-wide. This would also assure that the 16 teams with the best records will always make the playoffs (it's rare under the 2018-19 structure, but there are times where a team with a better record misses the playoffs because of the division/conference structure).

As for who each wildcard team plays, you could do the highest divisional champ vs the lowest seeded wildcard and work your way to the middle. Alternatively (and to make it more fun), you could have the divisional champs choose their opponent from the 4 wildcards. Obviously the Eastern and Western Conferences would be dissolved and there would be some debate as to what the Campbell Bowl and Prince of Wales Trophy should be awarded for, but I think those are just minor details to be ironed out later on.

There's some potential for higher travel costs, especially for a wildcard team that wins a series or two. But I would argue that the NHL has some extreme travel already. Take the two Florida-based teams playing in a division that's primarily based in the Northeast. Under the 2018-19 system, you could have a playoff series between Los Angeles and Chicago, which is just about as far as you can get within the same conference. And let's not forget that not too long ago, Columbus and Detroit were in the Western Conference and would have to play far off teams (such as Los Angeles) under normal playoff conditions. So there's already precedent for long travel distances, and this would not change much about that.

In summary, I think this would be a fun, new way to hold the Stanley Cup Playoffs. It would be a unique system amongst the Big Four professional sports leagues in North America. It would prevent a team from the top half of the league to be left out of the playoffs just because of the conference structure. And long distance travel that would be incurred by wildcard teams is already something that is allowed for in the 2018-19 playoff system.

So what're your thoughts on this? Do you like this proposed format or would you rather the league kept the traditional division/conference structure?",Keeping a Slightly Altered 2021 Playoff Format
1516,nhl,,I heard these were the new ref jerseys for tonight's game!
1517,nhl,Any good franchise mode you tubers anyone can recommend that I can binge watch?,NHL 21.
1518,nhl,,If hes not being bribed then hes not qualified to be a reff
1519,nhl,,Good old Gumper
1520,nhl,,"I can relate to this level of justification, tbh"
1521,nhl,,How the Islanders have been playing
1522,nhl,,I mean..
1523,nhl,,"Friedman: Sabres are asking “a ton” for Eichel and are “deep in discussions with several teams.” “I’d be lying if I said I knew [a trade] was close, but I’ll tell you this. I believe those conversations with teams, Anaheim and Columbus among them, are pretty in depth.”"
1524,nhl,,Oof
1525,nhl,,Barry Trotz right now as soon as he saw A Schenn brother score a goal. 😭
1526,nhl,,All Tied Up!!!
1527,nhl,,Pretty much sums it up.
1528,nhl,"Is ever missed shot ""just wide""? New hockey fan here. Can you imagine if they called that every time someone in NBA missed a shot?",JUST WIDE!!
1529,nhl,,Someone help - I can't figure out which team is 18 million dollars over the salary cap
1530,nhl,,Some things even refs can't fix
1531,nhl,That's how it's gonna go down when you cheat and are 18 million over the salary cap,Fuck Tampa
1532,nhl,Live to fight another day Isles.  Apparently everyone loves the sunshine.,#tampawasoffside
1533,nhl,,"Who is the guy who stands at the top of the Empire State Building and tells memorable Stanley Cup moments,"
1534,nhl,,Even Mario Kart is cheering for Montreal this week
1535,nhl,,"I’ve been busy painting non stop this past week. As requested by my Islanders fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of Ryan Pulock’s big save. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share."
1536,nhl,,Did anyone else notice this during the game?
1537,nhl,"Who do you think will move to a new team? What will be the biggest 'surprise' Cap Hits (ie overpayments)?

1. Taylor Hall
2. Ryan Nugent-Hopkins
3. David Krejci
4. Dougie Hamilton
5. Gabriel Landeskog
6. Mike Hoffman
7. Tyson Barrie
8. Alex Ovechkin

It will be an interesting off season for sure...",Upcoming major UFAs for the 2021-22 season:
1538,nhl,Guys I’m not going to lie. I live in the UK. I support the islanders. The stream is not on sportsurge and I’ve waited until 1 am to watch. Can someone give me alternatives that actually work quick,Quick
1539,nhl,"Crucial game five tonight hard fought  series

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o58igf)",Who wins game 5 tonight in Tampa
1540,nhl,,Chris Lee after seeing McNabb punching Suzuki
1541,nhl,,"Chris Lee shouldn’t be a hockey referee, not even at peewee level"
1542,nhl,,Golden Refs
1543,nhl,,Leafs:Where the best team in Canada also the leafs we lost blew another 3 1 lead
1544,nhl,"[Link to map](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/628701501740679188/856579634812682270/Screen_Shot_2021-06-21_at_1.03.46_PM.png?width=960&amp;height=802)

A couple of ground rules:

Not saying any of this is likely, more a fun exercise we found ourselves doing and I decided to document. Don’t look too much into the division boundaries - they were kind of an afterthought and aren’t even balanced. We decided to not boot any existing NHL teams; even though I could easily see a few teams moving in the next couple of decades, that is a different discussion. Some expansion teams use existing minor-league team / defunct team names on the map - this was another afterthought, and all names / logos are placeholders. We put an emphasis on a location being geographically distinct, as this seemed to be an important factor for Vegas and Seattle getting teams.

The list, somewhat ordered from most-to-least likely:

1. Houston) A massive city that already has an NHL-calibre stadium. The location is geographically distant from other NHL teams, and the city itself has a metro area population of over seven million to draw potential fans from.
2. Kansas City) Very similar to Houston - geographically distinct, existing stadium, and plenty of nearby potential fans.
3. Quebec) Most likely Canadian expansion candidate. Aside from cities neighbouring Toronto, Quebec is the largest city by metro area in Canada that does not have an NHL team. There is historical precedent for what that’s worth, an existing infrastructure.
4. Greater Toronto Area) This could be in Toronto itself, or a neighbouring city such as Mississauga or, more likely, Hamilton. The biggest opposition to this would likely be the Maple Leafs, but all other parties (city and provincial governments / NHL) would only benefit from another team in Canada’s largest population centre. London ON is another option - though far less equipped to handle an NHL team, London is farther away from Toronto than Hamilton.
5. Halifax) Atlantic Canada (the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, PEI, and Newfoundland / Labrador) is debatably the largest region in all of the US / Canada without an NHL team. Halifax itself is the largest Canadian metro area outside of Quebec / Ontario without an NHL team, with a metro area of almost half a million people.
6. Saskatoon or Regina) The last Canadian city I could see getting a team. Very similar story to Halifax, with the Saskatchewan province not having a team, and both cities having large(ish) metro areas.
7. Atlanta) Third time’s the charm! On paper Atlanta looks as appealing as Houston / KC, though with both of its previous NHL teams moving, I would expect the NHL to be hesitant in expanding to Atlanta.
8. Juneau) A moonshot pick - a joke between me and my friend. Alaska is certainly geographically distinct, though to a fault. Anchorage would a better pick on paper, having a larger metro area larger than some cities with NHL teams; though, logistics would be a nightmare.  Anchorage would be by far the most remote location in the NHL, requiring even teams in the same division to take long flights. If Alaska ever gets a team, it would have to be in the Panhandle, and Juneau is the largest city in the panhandle by a considerable margin.

There are obviously more realistic locations then Juneau for the NHL to expand to (Hartford, Salt lake city, etc.), but I wanted to have a not-so-serious pick on the list.","A Buddy and I spent way to much time drawing up a 40-team NHL, figure I'd share our work here."
1545,nhl,I'll leave the old ones up... but use this for all future comments and memes.,NHL Playoff Officiating Mega Thread - Please don't create any more new threads on the same topic put it here.
1546,nhl,,That's why he can't see straight !
1547,nhl,,This seems a plausible explanation.
1548,nhl,[deleted],Montreal fans need to stop complaining about the refs. It’s playoff hockey. We know how it is.
1549,nhl,,It’s the playoffs everyone. It’s gonna be a rough game.
1550,nhl,,We get it guys the refs aren’t helping you win
1551,nhl,,This caught my eye in game 4. No roughing or anything was called on the play...what?
1552,nhl,"My understanding is that you can only protect ONE goalie. In that case, does it mean one of Lehner or Fleury will be exposed in the draft for Vegas? Imagine if Fleury goes in the draft once again and becomes a star for Seattle.",Expansion draft question regarding goalies
1553,nhl,"I wanna say that both series are at 2-2 so not only can any team win, but the hockey is going to get better from here on out. I love Playoff hockey!

This must be what Americans feel like during the World Series or NBA playoffs.

Go Habs, go Isles!",I love playoff hockey! I. Am. Canadian.
1554,nhl,,Chris lee
1555,nhl,"Let’s assume a cap of 81.5M, and this is a NATO, EU and Ukraine v. Russia, Belarus, and China war, meaning Swiss, Kazakh, Bosnian, Serb, South Korean, and Japanese natural born residents are all eligible to play regardless of age. All players who turn 35 before June 21st are eligible to be signed. All players keep their current contracts and the UFAs play with their contracts last year. Players who’ve retired but feasible that they’d make a comeback (Jagr, KHLers over 35) are allowed to play for 1M.

Personally, my lines would be:

Ovi - Hischier - Niederreiter

Meier - Bergeron - Perry

Marleau - Krejci - Fiala

Kovalchuk - Spezza - Jagr (1M)

Josi - Weber

Chara - Giordano

Greene - Coburn

Fleury

McElhinney

Scratches: C. Anderson, Bellemare, Thornton

Total cap hit is around 81 mil. Some snubs are made purely due to cap reasons such as Rinne and Burns not making the cut.

Let me know your 35+ &amp;amp; Switzerland rosters below, clarifications to the rules, as well as what mistakes I’ve made in my roster!","If a World War happened right now involving Canada, the US, most of Europe, and China and a draft for 18-35 year olds happened, who would you pick for your roster?"
1556,nhl, [New York Islanders Can Win Series With Depth (thehockeywriters.com)](https://thehockeywriters.com/islanders-depth-key-lightning-series-win-2021-playoffs/),Islanders Depth Is Key to Series Success
1557,nhl,,"The Eichel deal most people aren’t talking about. CBJ has multiple 1st round picks, Korpisalo and Jones to play with. Eichel or Reinhart to CBJ?"
1558,nhl,,Fire Chris Lee Petition
1559,nhl,,How are you gonna convince me that Chris Lee doesn't smoke crack in the offseason?
1560,nhl,[deleted],Chris Lee
1561,nhl,,“We’re not planning on doing anything about it”.
1562,nhl,,As requested by my Bolts fans ⚡️here’s my latest watercolour of Vasy’s acrobatic save in game 2. Hope you like it. Who should I paint next ? Thanks for letting me share. 🙏
1563,nhl,"Full disclosure, I’m a habs fan so also biased in my opinion but I’m wondering what Vegas fans think of the perception that the league just desperately wants them to succeed and thus the refs are calling the games very one sided. I’m not usually a blame the refs guy but the last two games against the habs were just absurd. Blatant one sided calls. Vegas clearly has a good team and could likely win without the refs on their side. Does it taint victories ?","Vegas fans, does it bother you that basically all fans are saying your path to the Stanley cup is a sham ?"
1564,nhl,,Say the line !
1565,nhl,,"Of all the teams left in the final 4, the Canadiens are the team with the least powerplay time, and the Knights lead the category, and the Knights lead the habs in time on the pp by 12:08."
1566,nhl,,Montreal fans can’t handle a loss
1567,nhl,,#062. NHL Trade Rumours and reacting to your submitted mock trades.
1568,nhl,,Have you seen this man?
1569,nhl,,Vegas fans can handle a loss better than Montreal fans
1570,nhl,,"If you ain't making it, I will."
1571,nhl,,Too bad it's not real.
1572,nhl,,Hot off the press.
1573,nhl,,Cant believe Tom Wilson hasn't been suspended in regards to this horrible reffing.
1574,nhl,,Roy scores the tying goal to lead Vegas to the W 🏒🥅✅
1575,nhl,\#firechrislee,#firechrislee
1576,nhl,"The NHL is no longer a sports league, it's an entertainment league, à la WWE. We watch for the love of the game and we hope the strongest team wins, but ultimately it's a well constructed piece of theater with a predetermined finish, purely to exploit a fan base and generate profit. 

The joke is on every viewer, every ""true hockey fan"" as we believe wholeheartedly that something will be done about the officiating. We curse Chris Lee, forgetting he's essentially a mindless (and sightless) drone who's doing exactly what his boss told him to do. 

There will always be bad calls and missed calls, that's to be expected. But this isn't the case here. The league has tunnel vision for profits and ratings. If it means stripping the game of its rules and integrity, so be it. It is and will always be a business first and the sole intention is to produce capital. In the eyes of the league, this is exactly what they want; Vegas fans multiplying by the day due to their success and every other fan of the league tuning in to see what farce will take place tonight. 

And to all the Vegas fans, true or not, know that when someone points out the obvious bias for the Knights, it's not a personal attack against you, your team or your city. The Knights are simply byproducts of a corrupt system. I would hate it if my team was winning this way and everyone called it undeserved. On the other hand, it isn't wrong to point out the truth and at this point, there's simply too much evidence for any sane, rational mind to ignore. (See: Corey Perry's face)

As much as it pains me to say, the best response isn't to point out the blatantly obvious and expect a different result. The true answer and the only path to change is to simply stop watching. Until Bettman and the league see profits dip, absolutely nothing will change. In fact, it's more than likely to become worse and worse. 

I fully expect some (mostly VGK fans) to tear this narrative apart and call me every name under the sun, which is completely within your right. But rather than call me a crybaby or point out that this is ""playoff hockey"", a true insult to shut me up would be a single, rational, well-supported argument that justifies what's happening with the officiating right now.  

Truly, the floor is yours, I desperately want to be wrong and want to see fair competition, even if it means my team loses night in and night out. And for fans of any other team than MTL or VGK, I would love to hear your opinions/arguments as well. (I'm told Sharks fans have been ahead of the curve for quite some time now)

If I'm wrong about the officiating, please tell me why. But please try to do so using facts and logic, rather than emotion. I only propose the challenge, as I have yet to hear anyone with a true love for the game defend the actions of the officials/the league. 

The game is still exciting to watch, I will always love hockey. But win or lose, it's beginning to feel a lot like watching a WWE superstar hoist the championship belt above his head, knowing full and well that is wasn't an accomplishment, but rather a decision, made much earlier by a group of executives in the name of profit. 

TLDR: 
Gary Bettman is the new Vince McMahon. NHL=WWE. 
All hope is lost...",The NHL is the new WWE
1577,nhl,"I understand an occasional missed call due to being pissed off or something,  bc refs are human too, but not for repeated games.

I am reminded of 1919 world series being fixed, and some refs needing to pay off a few debts.

Is it just me, or am I being paranoid?",Vegas mtl officiating makes me think of 1919 world series
1578,nhl,,"Clean punch, he never took his gloves off"
1579,nhl,,"First of all I am fan of hockey since I was 3 years old and what refs are doing in Vegas VS. Montreal is more then obvious that they want Vegas to win. I am not sure is it NHL beoor betting mafia behind it. I would be surprised that mafia is behind it, based on history of fixing games."
1580,nhl,,That's just funny right there
1581,nhl,"How many of you love this game?

How many of you grew up playing this game?

How many of you watch with loved ones that didn't?

I've been watching the playoffs with my girlfriend and her kids, and all I get asked, over and over, is why don't the refs call penalties. I've literally been asked if hockey has rules from a 10 year old.

How are we supposed to grow the game and make new fans of this game, when the league only cares about money? Why do I have to explain the politics of ""oh, they don't call penalties because it's May now. If it was February, that would have been called.""?

I'm so sick of watching this horseshit. I don't even like the Habs or Vegas. I could care less who wins. It's embarrassing to watch and makes me so mad when I see the game I love just bent over and fucked because some 50 year old cunt doesn't want to do his job.",NHL is ruining the growth of the game
1582,nhl,,the Leafs playoff run in a video:
1583,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/nlkf427bvj671.jpg?width=433&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=a9412352d95526f2f75c3ee9638538a38738d6f7",KHL CSKA signs former Blackhawks and Panthers forward Lukas Wallmark
1584,nhl,"Appart for the horrible officiating, I don't see why that last goal in OT by Roy wasn't called for icing. The Knights (Couldn't see the number on the jersey) sent the puck in the back and Weber took it past the goal line. That's really sketchy. First, refs didn't call penalties and now they allow illegal goals?",I'm calling BS
1585,nhl,,"This is the whole Suzuki/McNabb incident. Explain to me how this is not a penalty. AND please, PLEASE, VGK fans tell me how this is Suzuki's fault"
1586,nhl,,Petition link to get rid of Chris lee
1587,nhl,"Good win tonight Knights, suck it Canada, maple syrup isn't even that good",Vegas
1588,nhl,,Am i wrong tho
1589,nhl,,Montreal: the refs were never my friend
1590,nhl,,Petition for the nhl to get rid of Chris lee
1591,nhl,"i see brendan gallagher and t.j oshie as very very similar playing styles, anyone else see that as well?",player comparison
1592,nhl,,Vegas’ MVP right here
1593,nhl,"[http://chng.it/n8bvGyBhtb](http://chng.it/n8bvGyBhtb) bingo, right here folks","Petition to look into Chris Lee - Please don't remove this mods, I put effort into it :("
1594,nhl,"Ok, this is my atampt at changing something in this league. 

It's simple, if the league decides to let Chris Lee come back to ref next game, I suggest we boycot game 5 of the series Canadiens vs Godlen Knights. That means dont watch it and show on social media that you aren't watching it. Because nobody has any power over this but the league, so let's put pressure on what they wnat the most: our money.",Dont wathc game 5
1595,nhl,,Fresh ink - Paul St.Byron
1596,nhl,Just sayin.,This is the hardest I’ve ever seen Pacioretty play in Montreal.
1597,nhl,,CBC panel calls out reffing on the second intermission of MTL vs Vegas
1598,nhl,Just sayin.,The is the hardest I’ve seen Pacioretty play in Montreal.
1599,nhl,,"Not on this day two years ago, Big Buff manhandled some Knights. (Saw Anderson doing something a bit similar earlier and reminded me of this)"
1600,nhl,,What are rules?
1601,nhl,,"The refs just don't see all potential penalties, they can't see everything..."
1602,nhl,"Just watching Montreal v Vegas…

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o4kfte)",Does there need to be a review of the refs in the NHL?
1603,nhl,The NHL officiating is an embarrassment to professional sports. This destroys the integrity of the game and is dangerous to the safety of the players. What will it take for change? Does someone need to die on the ice?,Give me 1 good reason Lee should not be fired at this point!
1604,nhl,,Chris Lee with a front row seat to a boxing match at the Bell Center
1605,nhl,,Nope. Didn't see that
1606,nhl,,How was this not a penalty as the official looking right at it
1607,nhl,"Just watching Montreal v Vegas…

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o4kene)",Does their need to be a review of the refs in the NHL?
1608,nhl,,Lehhhhnnneeeerrrr!
1609,nhl,,Lehhhhhnnneeeerrrr!
1610,nhl,"#ArbitrageDeMarde #LNH #NHL #GoldenKnight #VS #Canadien

C'est une honte d'avoir des arbitre de marde comme ça.

Just put good reaferie's",Arbitrage de marde
1611,nhl,,"How big is the NHL’s officiating problem. Quite a few people have noted how (lets call it inconsistent to be objective) officiating has been in 2020 and 2021. If this continues, does viewership/fan engagement suffer?"
1612,nhl,,Some of y'all rn
1613,nhl,,LOL Scroungin for crumbs
1614,nhl,"Literally watching them make small talk and smiling with the Knights. 

Are they refs, or be they Squires?",Are these Refs? Because they're brown nosing the knights like Squires.
1615,nhl,,MAF will have to cheer for them on the bench tonight! ... whos your pick to win the game?!
1616,nhl,,Vegas fans each time Lehner goes behind his net.
1617,nhl,,Game 4 preview
1618,nhl,,The Athletic Vegas golden knights GM test positive for COVID-19
1619,nhl,,Leafs fans rn
1620,nhl,Can anyone see him reporting to the team if he's not traded this offseason?,will Eichel sit out if not traded by training camp
1621,nhl,Give your ideas for the leafs next season,To hear from other fans (or non fans)...should the Leafs make a run for Dougie Hamilton? How would they make it work? Or if not what should they do next?
1622,nhl,,Titans rookie Elijah Molden's goal? Prove his NFL veteran dad's hard work paid off
1623,nhl,,"Perry says he was told by officials, “It was a follow through, they didn’t know for sure, but we all know it was a high stick.”"
1624,nhl,"I hate their uniforms, their colors, their logo and their name. Their uniforms are ugly, their colors are too modernized and their logo looks like a law offices logo. It doesn't feel like an NHL team. It's hard to explain, but they're trying to do something and it's not working.",Am I the only one who hates the VGK's Brand?
1625,nhl,,"Report: NHL Playoffs to Start July 30 After Two-Week Training Camp, Exhibition Game"
1626,nhl,,What a coincidence…
1627,nhl,,#Gohabsgo
1628,nhl,,"Guys, we get it alright."
1629,nhl,,"As requested by my Vegas fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of the Vegas bench, Jonathan Marchessault, Mark Stone, &amp; William Karlsson. Hope you like it. thanks for letting me share. 🙏"
1630,nhl,"Listen I’m a Vegas fan, I have been since literally day one because I was rooting for nobody at that point and said screw it might as well cheer for the new team

But saying I’m a fan doesn’t mean I like the reffing right now. Obviously as a fan I would like to see them win the cup and think that they could without the reffing and if there forwards could do their jobs against Montreal but did no one watch the reffing in the Boston/New York series? Because there were some bad calls in that but I haven’t seen anything about that on here

Like the Marchy high stick to perry should have been a double minor yes and the cross check from mcnabb I think it was on the numbers is one too but why is it now Vegas vs all 30 other teams because that one game in particular was bad? Sure in the other series there were some calls that were bad but Vegas outplayed them",Wow what a bad time to be a Vegas fan
1631,nhl,,E-girl Server Invite 😘 💟
1632,nhl,,Vote now !
1633,nhl,Am I the only one who pictures Bettman reacting like McPhee after the game 3 winning goal when TBL and LGK both get eliminated and classic hockey markets get in the finals?,What a dream
1634,nhl,"I cant stand that NYI and MTL are still in the playoffs. They represent everything I despise about hockey. They don't rely on skill, they play a system. They don't play to win, they play not to lose. They get out shot, they lose the possession battle.  They play a boring version of hockey, that I for one, HATE watching. I dont understand why the NHL continues to approve of the officiating changing from regular season which lets skilled players dominate to the playoff rules that favour the trap, clutch and grab, basically ignores half the rulebook and causes the product to suck. Can you Imagine if the NBA or the NFL changed its rules to favour the scrubs instead of superstars? 
They are not entertaining teams to watch.",Am I the only one that hates the NYI/MTL style?
1635,nhl,,Sex Groupchat 💔🖤🤍
1636,nhl,,💖Porn💟Server Code
1637,nhl,"I’ve been looking everywhere trying to find a black Ottawa Senators jersey (preferably Tkachuk, Chabot or Stutzle) but can only find them in small. Can anybody help me out with a good site?",In desperate need of a good jersey site to buy a Sens jersey. Can’t find one ANYWHERE
1638,nhl,,"In regards to refs favoring Vegas, just gonna put this here…"
1639,nhl,,Inspired by a true story
1640,nhl,,"A tattoo of gritty holding baby yoda aka grogu I did today, hope you all enjoy it!"
1641,nhl,,More giveaways from Fleury (“unlucky” stick) OMG
1642,nhl,,Fleury’s puckhandling making a difference.
1643,nhl,,❤️ E-girl ❣️ Server 💚
1644,nhl,,"Ryan Poluck scored the game winning goal game 1, today he makes the game winning save to help even the series up 2-2"
1645,nhl,,"Ryan Poluck scored the game winning goal game 1, today he makes the game winning save to help even the series up 2-2"
1646,nhl,[deleted],Stan Fischler says that Oilers were never a dynasty because they never won three Stanley Cups in a row (unlike the Islanders)
1647,nhl,[deleted],Pulock with the save of the night!!!
1648,nhl,,Save in final seconds of the lightning isles game makes is just pain. is this what being a Canucks fan is like
1649,nhl,"Are you kidding me?
Even tho I'm not cheering for Tampa in this series, I want to see a fair fight. That call on Hedman was terrible and basically sealed it (unreal chance for TB at the very end) for NYI. Brutal!!",How is that late call on Hedman a penalty?? Like WTF is going on!!!
1650,nhl,,Lol
1651,nhl,,"Enter to win your choice of one (1) authentic autographed jersey signed by Carey Price, Mark Stone, Andrei Vasilevskiy, or Semyon Varlamov!"
1652,nhl,"So hear me out, I hope the Habs win the series (yes I am 100% a VGK fan). I hope the Habs win, and I hope they win the cup against the Isles.

Here's why:

1. Vegas is young (edited to add: young as a team), and will be competitive for a long time. They've got a damn good upper management team running them. I'd rather get the cap issues dealt with, and move on sooner rather than later.
2. Fleury has cups, and I see him at least playing a couple more years with VGK, and could honestly probably add another one.
3. Price flat out fucking deserves it, and I think it would be good for the up and coming goalies watching him, as he's more their style.
4. I'm tired of the ""A Canadian team hasn't won the cup since back in 12,000 B.C."" story line.

&amp;#x200B;

Anyway, just the thoughts from a life long HOCKEY fan.","Vegas fan here, I will probably get bashed and that's alright!"
1653,nhl,,This is so true.
1654,nhl,,Price 2021 Wink / Roy 1993 Wink
1655,nhl,[removed],Sub has become unreadable with all the “refs are bad” crying posts
1656,nhl,Montreal and Long Island are well-known for having a huge mob population. What are the repercussions if they face in the finals?,"Stanley Cup Final: Montreal, Long Island, and the Mob"
1657,nhl,,Does Anyone Here Trust The Integrity of NHL Officiating?
1658,nhl,,René Robert - get well soon - on n'oubliet pas numero quatorze!
1659,nhl,,Enter to Win an Autographed Jersey from One of Four Conn Smythe Favorites!
1660,nhl,,what a shit show
1661,nhl,,How it feels on social media right now:
1662,nhl,[deleted],"Enter to Win an Autographed Jersey from One of Four Conn Smythe Favorites (1) authentic autographed jersey signed by Carey Price, Mark Stone, Andrei Vasilevskiy, or Semyon Varlamov"
1663,nhl,[deleted],"Enter to Win an Autographed Jersey from One of Four Conn Smythe Favorites! (1) authentic autographed jersey signed by Carey Price, Mark Stone, Andrei Vasilevskiy, or Semyon Varlamov!"
1664,nhl,,No call ???
1665,nhl,Seems like even though no penalty was called last night that it was a reckless use of his stick that clearly caused an injury.,Does anyone know if DoPS is looking into the Marchessault high stick?
1666,nhl,A referee skating competition where each NHL ref has a speed competition to see who skates faster in the all star game,I feel like this would be cool
1667,nhl,"The NHL (and other sports) need a video booth ref who has equal authority to the on ice refs and can make calls as he sees them, or contradict the on ice refs when backed up by replay. Would you put up with a slower game in order to make it fairer? I would. They also need to expand coach's challenges to cover every call made or missed by the refs. This is the only solution to the ridiculous bad refereeing we are seeing in this league.",Video booth ref needed
1668,nhl,,"The answer is no, probably not."
1669,nhl,,Blackhawks refused to report alleged sex abuse of players to police: source
1670,nhl,"Who would you rather have to give your team the best chance at a cup/multiple cups

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o3ndjo)",NHL Would You Rather
1671,nhl,[deleted],NHL Would You Rather
1672,nhl,,New colours for the next games...
1673,nhl,,💘 💔 Naked Girls Groupchat
1674,nhl,,So clean
1675,nhl,,Man gets away with murder after eyewitness turns out to be NHL referee
1676,nhl,,Guilty feet have got no rhythm
1677,nhl,[deleted],Guilty feet have got no rhythm
1678,nhl,,💝 💗 😘 E-girl Server Code
1679,nhl,,Secret deal made.
1680,nhl,,Referees new mascot.
1681,nhl,,Nightmare Fuel
1682,nhl,Figure I'll try to get an answer that been vexing me for a bit. Does anyone know when and why the NHL stopped denoting empty net goals in box scores?,Empty net goals in box scores
1683,nhl,"I know there has probably been plenty of these posts but I just wanna know, if you get to choose 2 players that are you absolute favorites, who is it and why?

For me the #1. Peter Forsberg, im a Swede and just growing up a Modo fan it just became him from an early age. His skill and grit matched together is just something you don't see very often.

\#2 Pavel Datsyuk. Skill out of this world, something you can't teach. And yet has that grit game to him, he can lay the body just as well as dangling someone out of the arena. 

Give me your 2 favorite players!",Favorite players of all time?
1684,nhl,,"""Fleury's puck handling has made a difference - huh Joe?"""
1685,nhl,,Nudes Chat ❤️ 😘
1686,nhl,,Do you wanna practice your French?
1687,nhl,,Check out this 💞Nudes💚Groupchat💖
1688,nhl,,https://t.me/joinchat/zcBe4-_Acw84YWNk
1689,nhl,,https://t.me/joinchat/zcBe4-_Acw84YWNk
1690,nhl,"Hockey is won with grit and willpower...
not money and lazynesss.

Habs in 5 then its the ducking cup",To every idiots on this subreddit including me...
1691,nhl,,💛Naked Girls💜Server❤️
1692,nhl,Montreal has shown they are for real this year. A lot definitely do to the fact Price is in god form. But their young guns are stepping up. Better luck next time Leafs. You wont be getting a cup witn Matthews in that line up.,MTL is for real
1693,nhl,,This picture of Price reminds me of Patrick Roy’s wink from the 1993 Finals.
1694,nhl,,"Suzuki and Caufield, name a better duo, I’ll wait"
1695,nhl,,I'm tired of reading how unfair refs are. BOTH mtl and Vegas get few penalties
1696,nhl,,Habs overtime performance this year
1697,nhl,Followed NHL a couple years back and stopped watching due to college. I just start picking up watching again and it seems like a lot of NHL fans hate the vgk. Why is this?,(Serious) why do most people hate the golden knights?
1698,nhl,,This is shaping up to be a series for the history books
1699,nhl,,Montreal after winning game 3
1700,nhl,,It's big brain time
1701,nhl,,Knights Fans right now
1702,nhl,,Now that Habs are only Canadian team left this sub is garbage.
1703,nhl,"I'm from Illinois and years ago I went to a pub in Chicago for a concert and while I was waiting for the bands to start there was a hockey game playing on tv. It was the Blackhawks. So I was watching the hometown team in that town. I've never been majorly into sports but always pro wrestling and love going to events in general. I thought to myself at that time that it would be pretty cool to go to a hockey game and that it was something I could get into. I was enjoying watching it briefly on the tv.

So I've always had it in my mind to go to a live professional sports game but haven't gotten around to it. Come 2020 I was talking to an old friend whos into sports, (I don't have many of them not being into them much myself) and I was talking about how I thought it would be cool to go to a live Blackhawks game. He isn't big into hockey but he loves sports in general. So since everything has been shut down I have been considering what I could enjoy when everyone opened back up.

But I still didn't really know squat about hockey. I signed up for Blackhawks tickets and got on a mailing list to be informed if they would allow fans again. I decided I needed to start learning and watching. I subscribed to ESPN+ and was able to start watching games on there. I watched randomly whatever they offered. Wild vs Kings, Canes vs Lightening and so on. I got to see a lot of different teams. Couldn't watch Blackhawks games because of the blackout crap but I did catch a couple of games on cable.

Anyway I have been watching since the regular season. Just watching teams, learning rules, etc. The Blackhawks didn't make it to the playoffs so my next team to go for was STL Blues because they are the next closest to where I live. They made it to the playoffs but didn't last long.

Usually I would look at predictions for games and whoever the underdog was, that is who I would root for. Having not known any teams well. But sometimes if they were known to be a good team or have really good players I may cheer for them also, for instance Connor McDavid. I either want to see underdog teams win or good teams play really good.

Well it came to Leafs vs Habs in playoffs and I knew that the Leafs were known to be a good team and many had predicted that they may have been this years Stanley Cup Winners. Well they were wrong.

Habs beat the leaves and then they went against the Jets and the Habs were again the underdogs. I learned how great of a goalie Price is during these games and also how much fight and heart the Habs had in them. Maybe it was in game 2 or 3, I could really tell that they were busting their asses. And after one of their players got knocked down and the Jets player suspended I really wanted to see them win even more. Some real drama into it.

Now I am an American and living in Illinois but even though I am very patriotic, I am rooting for the Habs to take the Stanley Cup. Having watched their journey and seeing how good of a team they are to persevere, it's hard to not be behind them. So I want Canada to take it, then next year the Hawks can get in there ;-).

But overall it's great to be a hockey fan. Can't wait to go to my first game live. I also have my mom watching it with me and she is loving it. Love this sport and the league of the NHL, nothing like it.

I ended up getting Sling TV and that's how I can watch the games now, on USA and NBCSN.

God bless you hockey fans!

Oh also, I am 34/m if that makes any difference. The time that I watched the game at the pub I was probably 23.

Terrible to think of all those glorious years of hockey I missed but what better time than now?",My journey as a new hockey fan and a new Habs fan
1704,nhl,,Trudeau has unpleasantries with Game 3 Refs
1705,nhl,,It’s just unbelieveable. Refs are TRASH.
1706,nhl,,Lewd Server Code 💟🧡
1707,nhl,,Enter to Win an Autographed Jersey from One of Four Conn Smythe Favorites! CAREY PRICE!!!
1708,nhl,[deleted],2-1!
1709,nhl,It was above the shoulder. Tell me otherwise please.,"Regardless of the terrible officiating, I firmly believe that Anderson played the puck with a high stick."
1710,nhl,,Do I need to say more
1711,nhl,,When you get the last laugh against ridiculous refs.
1712,nhl,"Disclaimer: I am a habs fan but I also used to cheer for Vegas before they played the habs in this series. 

Watching games one and two between the golden knights and the canadiens, there were a few missed calls but nothing super dramatic. Tonight in game three, it was something else. Obviously the blatant double minor high sticking call was missed that cut Corey Perry so bad he needed stitches. Also there were plenty of trips and slashes that were missed. Kotkaniemi’s penalty for “hooking” where Pacioretty was blatantly holding his stick was close but any good ref would have known not to call that. I don’t know how much cash is flowing into the refs pockets for tonight but things better be evened out for game four. It’s one thing to miss a little call here or there on both teams, but to make it so one sided, and especially to miss the high sticking call that cut Perry, is absurd. 

And yes the canadiens got the victory but they worked their asses off in overtime to get it, no thanks to any “officiating.”",How much is the league paying the refs to not call penalties on Vegas?
1713,nhl,Idk what paper people are readin. LMAO,"Guys Vegas is better on paper, I just don't see Habs winnin it"
1714,nhl,,Go Habs Go!
1715,nhl,,And that’s all I have to say about that
1716,nhl,"The announcer kept saying ""get to it"" a lot.",Fleury didn't Get To it
1717,nhl,,Nuf said.
1718,nhl,"It’s June 2021, watching Habs and Golden Knights tonight on Hulu on my smart TV.  Goes into OT… at this time my body said it’s time for a not so short #2… lightbulb sparks above my head! Check the Hulu app on iPhone… watching the OT with pants at my ankles getting rid of lunch. Can’t be happier right now. I was so worried I’d miss the OT. 
Special thanks to technology. 👍🏼

EDIT!!!
While posting this during the 12 minute mark, commercial break of OT… I missed the damn winning goal! 🤦🏼‍♂️
Technology win followed by technology fail!",Dropping deuce w/ Stanley!!
1719,nhl,It seems the refs have been complete horseshit in playoffs as usual but what’s with the missed callls for Montreal not even a Montreal fan but it’s bad.,What’s up with the refs riding the knights so hard
1720,nhl,"Hey all! I’m new to hockey and the NHL, and lately my dad’s been getting into me a bit, he and my girlfriend favors the knights, and frankly I could use a new pro sport to keep up with, and hockey seems like an awesome time! 
But I have a few quick questions….

What are the major things to know about all teams before I really pick one to follow?

Are there any common jokes or memes I should be aware of?

What rules should I want to know about hockey as a whole?

Thank you in advance!",An NFL refugee who needs a new home
1721,nhl,,Striking difference in COVID restrictions Canada vs US (Habs vs G Knights)
1722,nhl,,Good job Marc Andre fleury!😂
1723,nhl,[removed],Unlimited Free Clubhouse Invites
1724,nhl,,Go Vegas 😁
1725,nhl,"I don't know how anyone whose watching this series can take this joke of a league seriously, terrible one sided refs, absolute BS. And no I'm not a Habs fan, just can't believe how bad these zebras favor Vegas

Edit: I posted this before Overtime, you know before the refs prove my point once again by allowing Vegas to high stick Perry (giving him a bloody nose which should've been at least a 4 minute penalty). I guess all the Vegas fans calling me paranoid must be right, high sticking players and causing bloody noses totally aren't penalties, my mistake. Habs still manage to win despite this BS good for them, suck it Vegas","NHL is a joke, how blatantly one sided can the Refs be in the Vegas series"
1726,nhl,"Blatant cross check (McNab on Lehkonen), no call.

Kotkaniemi takes a stick to the face, somehow HE is penalized?

You can’t tell me the refs and the NHL is against the Habs.",Change my mind
1727,nhl,,"Boutta go drown myself in one of our 10,000 lakes"
1728,nhl,"Hi, i've been watching the playoffs and I cant help but notice how the Golden Knights wingers constantly cheat on the faceoff positioning. By that I obviously mean that they jump in before the puck hits the ice.

Centers can be called off faceoffs, but as far as im aware there's nothing stopping them from abusing this for hot starts on the play (4 out of 6 goals so far in this series scored on an O-Zone faceoff)

Is this common practice? Should this be allowed?

Thanks for the reply!",VGK vs MTL faceoffs concern
1729,nhl,,Too early?
1730,nhl,"I’m a Leafs fan. Huge Marner fan. But due to his salary, I think it’s time to make a change. Leafs have enough top end forwards, but you should not get greedy there. Either Marner or Tavares must exit, but Tavares has a No movement clause. Leafs have too much money tied up to too few players. So Marner must go.

Would your favourite team trade for him? What are some good win win offers for Mitch Marner from any team?",Realistic trade offers for Mitch Marner. Do you do it?
1731,nhl,,Question I’ve always been afraid to ask. Could someone please tell me what a “Hab” and a “Canuck” are? I’m not joking and do feel rather dumb. Thank you for any responses.
1732,nhl,[deleted],Pizzahead on + Evil Petry = Win.
1733,nhl,"I went through some crazy stuff mentally the last 5 years so I wanted to rewatch some series I didn’t have a firm grip on. I watched all of Pens Capitals 2016 which is arguably the key series for the Pens run knocking out the 120 pt Caps.

\-  I thought the Caps were overall pretty competitive and shouldn’t feel too bad about their play, they proved why they were a 120 pt team. Matt Murray stole Game 3 which really changed the series. Games 1, 2 and 4 were pretty even, maybe slight edge to Pens and Game 5 the Caps were better os it could have been a different series if Caps pulled the lead in Game 3. I would say the Caps had the momentum after games 3-5. However Penguins in Game 6 though were easily the better team in both regulation and OT and the Capitals had no business erasing 3-0 lead (mainly due to puck over the glass stupidity by Pens). They came up with their ace game of the series at the perfect time.

\-  Kuznetsov was a ghost for the Caps despite being their regular season pts leader. In addition I don’t think the Caps 3rd and 4th line was giving them much. Mike Richards in his last season was washed. The Caps 1st line was good as they got a great start by Oshie, and Ovie started a bit slow but got better midway through the series, but they really relied on those top 3 guys. On the other hand the Pens obviously had the advantage of having 3 good lines to the point where Crosby’s was probably the worst of the three, he only woke up the last few games. You can tell the issues the HBK line creates, I believe in the first game Pierre is saying “Washington is going to have to adjust so their 3rd pairing D isn’t against the Kessel line” with Orlov in and out of the doghouse for them. But what are you supposed to do, put them against Crosby or Malkin line? In addition Washington lost Karl Alzner later in the series. The Penguins got a solid performance out of midseason pickup Trevor Daley especially when Letang got injured for a game. They make up for not having the biggest names defensively by having a lot of speeds and their forwards doing well on defense.

\-  It seems like the series opened up more as it went along, which probably played into the Penguins hands. The Capitals had a great defensive season but couldn’t really make the game ugly and driven by possession and cycling. When they succeeded they had to do it playing the Penguins style such as having low quantity of shots but great opportunities in Game 5.

I think if some things went differently the Capitals could have gone to 7 or won, but someone has to lose. The Caps probably had the best single line of the two teams but Penguins 2nd-4th line are easily better which really helped when Crosby line was so so. In addition Murray was better than Holtby.",Random thoughts on 2016 Penguins vs Capitals series
1734,nhl,"Does anybody know the name of the song played during a few of the Carolina playoff games with the following lyrics ""**some things never change, you are still my all time fave**"".  Unfortunately those are the  only lyrics I know and I am unable to determine the song.",Unable to determine name of song during NHL playoff game
1735,nhl,Unexpected Drama!! What will be the impact on the series? What's the deal if half the team tests positive? Jesus Price save us...,Dominique Ducharme test positive for COVID-19
1736,nhl,,E-girl Groupchat 💗💖🧡
1737,nhl,,Best NHL Theme?
1738,nhl,"Big hockey fan. Love the game. Absolutely hate the way these days, and especially in the playoffs, if there's a puck in front of the net one of the defending players drops on it to cover and freeze it in order to prevent a goal.

The only mf allowed to do that is the goalie, so when I see this cheap shit I want to see a delay of game penalty.

Discuss!",Players in front of nets
1739,nhl,,One of the problems Holtby had as a Cap…
1740,nhl,"on Nolan Patrick. Sounds like he wants out of Philly, and we could trade him before he becomes an RFA, or expose him to the expansion draft. I think a lot of Flyers fans overvalue him because he was a 2nd overall pick, and we don't want to think that we whiffed. His migraine issues were unlucky, but I think they had a major effect on his development. I'm curious what other teams/fanbases think about him, would Seattle even consider taking him (I don't think so at all), what's he worth in a trade.",I'm very curious on what non-Flyers fans think...
1741,nhl,,Truthful advertising.
1742,nhl,,Money Talks.
1743,nhl,,Doping for Google
1744,nhl,You can thank me later,Spoiler: Montreal will win tonight
1745,nhl,,spare purple team? spare team with a purple color scheme?
1746,nhl,,"As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of Carey Price’s amazing diving stick save on Jason Spezza. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share."
1747,nhl,,Quick Recap
1748,nhl,,"After being drafted in 2018 and being the 2021 IIHF World Championship top goal scorer, Great Britain’s own Liam Kirk signs an entry level contract with the Arizona Coyotes."
1749,nhl,,Oh no !
1750,nhl,[removed],TELL ME WHAT MY FAV TEAM SHOULD BE
1751,nhl,[deleted],Go Jackets am I right fellow Columbus Casuals? 😀
1752,nhl,"Don’t get me wrong, I don’t think NHL refs are the greatest out there, and in my opinion that is a product of so many of the rules being ambiguous, leaving much of the calls truly up to interpretation. But the refs are the same for every team/game, and my goodness I feel like I all I see in the comments of namely Twitter and Instagram nowadays are just whining and complaining about the refs. 

I don’t know if that is because it’s the playoffs and newer fans are watching, or if it’s just my imagination, or if the refs are truly that much worse this year. But there isn’t some big conspiracy that the refs are “out to get” every single team, and I’m quite frankly sick of the refs blowing every game narrative

I would love to know what other people think, if I’m not the only one who thinks this, or is I’m the crazy one","Is it just me, or is there a lot more complaining about the refs this year?"
1753,nhl,I feel like he's universally accepted as a superstar level player in the NHL but when I really think about it I don't think he's worthy of the Hall of Fame. Am I missing something?,"With his career-to-date performance, is Stamkos a HOFer?"
1754,nhl,I've never heard the audience sing the national anthem like that before. They were hot and loud. Yeah.. were..,Tampa killed that hot crowd lol
1755,nhl,"I keep seeing awards and nominations for the regular season, but aren’t these a distraction for the players that are still playing? Shouldn’t all the focus be on the cup now and not wondering if you won some award from the regular season? The Cup is the goal, awards don’t mean anything until the Cup has been hoisted.",Regular season awards should be handed out after the Cup has been won
1756,nhl,,The Leafs have determined this to be a LIE!!!
1757,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o2d1fl)",Where are the fans tonight!!
1758,nhl,How many were there? 12? Lmao I'm a new hockey fan and thats the most fights I've seen in a game so far. Don't let me down tonight guys!,Will they top game 2s penalties?
1759,nhl,,Low effort megadeth pun
1760,nhl,[deleted],A little OC meme I made for tomorrow!
1761,nhl,,"NHL's Top 12 UFAs of 2021: Latest rumours, reports"
1762,nhl,"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/o27jlh)",Final 4 Time who’s your pick
1763,nhl,"Anyone in the Orlando, FL area know of any good restaurants or bars where I can watch Monday nights Playoff game?",Where to watch?
1764,nhl,,"Best of Wednesday at NFL minicamps: Vaccination questions, Baker's focus and more"
1765,nhl,"Tyler Toffoli is currently running the longest point streak in the 2021 Stanley Cup playoffs (8GP)

One more and he would tie the Habs reccord for 9 (both Robinson and Lafleur)

I made this to celebrate how much pleasure I have watching him.

Can you find the 1 tile (out of 1020) that has the only Montreal Canadiens card he has? 

[1020 Toffoli cards \(87 uniques\) - only 1 Montreal Canadiens card](https://preview.redd.it/k98de4a06v571.jpg?width=1080&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=f2b148f59d5840029dffae9323eee27a480b4d9f)",One Montreal Canadiens Toffoli out of 1020 - Celebrating the ongoing streak
1766,nhl,[removed],Why are people gate keeping VGK?
1767,nhl,,One of the many missed calls from yesterday.
1768,nhl,"I’m a little unsure about what the rules of the upcoming expansion draft are. 

With the Leafs resigning Spezza, do they now have to protect him in the expansion draft? 

In other words, does it make a difference signing him before the expansion draft instead of after?",Question about expansion draft…
1769,nhl,,Scoring Summary Games 1&amp;2
1770,nhl,,"Size 50 Stadium Series Mitch Marner jersey (Comment or message for prices, highly negotiable)"
1771,nhl,,Travis Green watching Toffoli score.. yet again.. 🤣
1772,nhl,[deleted],Travis Green watching Toffoli score.. yet again.. 🤣
1773,nhl,[deleted],I made this last night. Dude couldn’t keep it on the down-low
1774,nhl, [New York Islanders Need a Number of Adjustments for Games 3 &amp; 4 (thehockeywriters.com)](https://thehockeywriters.com/islanders-adjustments-needed-games-3-4-lightning-2021-playoffs/),Islanders Need a Number of Adjustments for Games 3 &amp; 4
1775,nhl,,Vegas fans when they realize the refs can’t score goals
1776,nhl,[deleted],New York Islanders Need a Number of Adjustments for Games 3 &amp; 4
1777,nhl,"Calling all hockey historians! Does anyone know if there has ever been a team that has had multiple games in the postseason without receiving a penalty? 

It seems unlikely but we're seeing some of the cleanest play ever by the Vegas Golden Knights in these playoffs. I'm sure it has nothing to do with Bettman or the need to have expansion teams succeed for marketing purposes... 

We've now seen almost three rounds of perfect, respectable, non-penalized hockey played against the Wild, the Avs and now the Habs. Simply curious if any other team in history has been this honorable in their play??",How many times has one team played multiple playoff games without a penalty in the playoffs?
1778,nhl,,"[MTL - VGK] Karlsson with a crosscheck on Edmundson, who goes face first into the glass, no penalty! Hey NHL what the fuck is wrong with your refereeing? Not one penalty for Vegas? Get of Gary Bettman's tit!"
1779,nhl,[deleted],Just when you thought you've seen it all
1780,nhl,,Can’t believe Montreal unlocked Zombie Petry just in time for the Playoffs
1781,nhl,"Is there any sport other than hockey where smelling salts are so commonly used amongst players? If not, why not? I follow other sports (not baseball) but it doesn't seem to be a thing elsewhere.",Smelling salts
1782,nhl,"For whatever reason this playoff season I have noticed a ton of hate and saltiness directed specifically towards the VGK fans, and it has really confused the hell out of me. So I am writing this to try and clarify this incredibly odd wave of hate towards new fans of a sport that only until 10 years ago had almost no national reach in the U.S. outside of the few regions that had hockey in them.  


The majority of this misdirected hate seems to in some way incorporate the fact that these fans are uninformed, jumping on the bandwagon, or god forbid just new fans of the sport in general. And to that I say DUUUHHHHHHHHH?! Vegas is a town in the middle of the desert that up until the 50s wasn’t much more than a strip of casinos. You honestly expect the majority of the population to be familiar with a sport that they had no direct access to until VGK came in? For that matter you could say the same thing about all of the expansion teams that have been popping up in the south for the past 30 years. 


Now I grew up in Michigan playing hockey, and I am and always will be a hardcore Red Wings fan. Because of this, I consider myself incredibly lucky to have grown up in a place where that was possible. I love this sport, the atmosphere, the rivalries, the comradery, all of it. In my eyes hockey, while being financially one of the most limiting sports, has always had the most inclusive fanbase. No matter your team if you were a fan of hockey, you were loved, because you loved hockey. I remember when you couldn’t even find a hockey game on a national channel unless it was playoffs, and even then it was hard enough to find the majority of the playoff games. Hell the 2012 lockout almost sent the NHL back to the stone age. Now we have people complaining that some fans aren’t true fans. Newsflash any fan of hockey is a true fan, and when it comes to bandwagon fans, there will always be “bandwagon fans” whenever a particular team is playing well. Not to mention, you don’t need to have been a fan of a team through their “dark years” to be a true fan. The majority of new fans to a sport come about when a team is doing really well, and these new fans can rally with and learn the sport with that team. 

Like the majority of people, I had a bad feeling when the NHL said that Vegas was getting the next expansion team. I felt that it was too much of a tourist destination and that the locals would not be a large enough crowd to even fill a stadium. I WAS WRONG. I can openly admit it, I mean it sounded crazy right, a hodgepodge team of mismatched players, there is no way in hell they would even be a potential playoff team. Again I state I was wrong. Vegas as a city needed a symbol that they could rally around, and VGK was that symbol. Something that many of you may not have remembered, is that the Las Vegas shooting happened not even a week before VGK played their first game. Vegas needed hope more than ever, and those players, fans, and even the community at large rallied around that support. They came together, and even Fleury, a goalie I had personally written off, came out and stood on his head. The only town I have ever seen rally that much around a team is Nashville, and those are the most friendly diehard hockey fans that I have ever met.

VGK as a team, and Vegas as a city and fan base are exactly what the NHL needs. We need fans, we need outreach, we need to make hockey as open and accessible as ever. I hope the Knights do well for several more years, I hope the Seattle Kraken do well at their start, and I truly wish the best of luck to any new teams and any new fan bases that want to get into hockey. Because I LOVE HOCKEY.",Regarding the animosity for VGK fans
1783,nhl,[deleted],Regarding the animosity toward VGK fans
1784,nhl,,Can't we all just enjoy hockey?
1785,nhl,,Jeff Petry or The Mountain?
1786,nhl,,When are y’all gonna stop calling sweeps against the Habs?
1787,nhl,[removed],I've never seen as much favoritism for any team in sports ever (Vegas)
1788,nhl,,THANK YOU GOALIE CAREY! LET'S BEAT THOSE GORILLAS! GO MONTREAL!
1789,nhl,,Series tied at 1 onto Montreal
1790,nhl,,Vegas social media manager
1791,nhl,,“vEgAs In FoUr”
1792,nhl,,4/6 of the GK's goals have been off of a face-off...
1793,nhl,,"Montreal Canadiens Win Game 2 Thanks to Hot Start, Tie Series"
1794,nhl,[deleted],Pierre Maguire is awful to listen to
1795,nhl,"Montreal is winning 3-1 going into the 3rd. The announcers during the second intermission are highlighting only Vegas’s goal, and they’re opportunities. They barely touched Montreal’s goal, or play. This was also shown in their last series with Colorado, as well as the series with Minnesota… what’s the play here, with the obvious bias shown in every series",NBC SUCKING VGS 🐔
1796,nhl,,Can we please just put a bullet in his head now?
1797,nhl,,Pretty sure Vegas has a teenage girl running their Twitter
1798,nhl,Like if they lose a faceoff in their own zone can they all just go to the boards so Carey can see the puck and potentially stop it?,Can the Habs just scatter in their own zone if they lose a face off?
1799,nhl,,"But hey, it's good for business"
1800,nhl,,Jeff Petry unlocked the sharingan
1801,nhl,[deleted],If you wonder why Montreal is playing so hard right now. You need to remember most of the guys on the team are playing for a raise. They are pricing themselves off the team.
1802,nhl,,When your team wins
1803,nhl,,He couldn’t keep it on the downLow..
1804,nhl,,Too soon ?
1805,nhl,[removed],What the fuck happened to Petry’s eyes
1806,nhl,[deleted],VGK end of period song contains actual footage of Vegas v Montreal fans
1807,nhl,[removed],Wtf happened to Perry’s eyes😂
1808,nhl,"The guy's a first round pick, known around the league if you follow hockey even a little bit and it's not THAT complicated to say",Am I the only one who's annoyed at the VGK announcer not being able to pronounce Kotkaniemi's name?
1809,nhl,,Does anyone else see Jeff Petry’s eyes? Both fully bloodshot. Is he okay?
1810,nhl,,Who do you like?
1811,nhl,[removed],Why the violence?
1812,nhl,,Here come seattle
1813,nhl,,"Lol, no they didn’t"
1814,nhl,,Habs fans on this sub right now (so much saltiness)
1815,nhl,"Under the impression that Movie surpasses Gretzky on goals and McDavid puts up 2,000 career points?

I still hold Mario above Gretzky because he literally had 2 hall of Fame 100+ points per season wingers and Mario had shit for the first half of his career and still put up almost 200 points.

I'd be hard pressed to not put Crosby, Ovie and McDavid not in the top 5. Crosby probably being 5th (and yes I am from Pittsburgh). Ovie is the greatest goal scorer of all time, Gretzky wouldn't have scored over 700 goals against today's goalies and defense let alone nearly 900. McDavid to me could probably be a better player than Gretzky. I would say Gretzky in his prime wouldn't touch 2,000 career points where at McDavid probably will. I'd honestly say and I know I'll catch shit for this.

#1 McDavid
#2 Mario
#3 Ovie
#4 Gretzky
#5 Crosby","If Crosby, Ovie and McDavid end up in the top 10, how does your top 10 of all time look?"
1816,nhl,"Merrell: An amazing running shoes brand. Very comfortable.

Meryl: One if not the most legendary actress that received 32 (!) Golden Globe nominations

Marill: A very marketable Water/Fairy-type Pokémon introduced in Generation-II.

Merrill: Depth defenseman for the Montreal Canadiens who might make the lineup tonight and fashion trend-setter. Presumably showers and get a haircut every time he scores a regular season goal.",Important spelling lesson ahead of tonight’s VGK-MTL game
1817,nhl,,"Hey, Habs fans! I drew Carey Price in good luck of you guys VS Vegas! I hope you guys like him!"
1818,nhl,"Since the NHL had 3 stars for a game, a week as well as for a month, it wouldn't be much of a stretch that you could have 3 stars for an entire season, with the Hart trophy being the first star of the regular season, and the Conn Smythe being the first star of the playoffs.

Of course, the second and third stars are straightforward to determine given the voting for these trophies, so what made the 3-star system not as much of a thing for an entire season or playoffs as it would be for a game, a week or a month?",Season-wide and playoff-wide 3 stars?
1819,nhl,"We all know the HUGE success the Vegas franchise has been.  Can Seattle duplicate that level of success? Some say no because NHL teams have learned from the past expansion mistakes and they will be smarter this time. On the other hand, there are some great UFAs available and the Kraken can utilize their available cap space and built a team with a great core. Some great UFAs that are available this year:

1. Taylor Hall (hopefully he can find consistency in his game)
2. Ryan Nugent-Hopkins (imagine re-uniting Hall and RNH, they had good chemistry before)
3. David Krejci (good veteran presence) 
4.  Dougie Hamilton  (size and goal scoring)
5. Gabriel Landeskog (leadership and 2 way play)
6. Nick Foligno (character and leadership)
7. Mike Hoffman (pure goal scorer)
8. Alec Martinez (solid Dman for Vegas)
9. Tyson Barrie (back end points)
10. Phillip Danault (been good for Montreal)
11.  Zach Hyman (grit and decent points with good players)
12. Alex Ovechkin (this would be HUGE and it would require an overpayment to pry him away)

Of course the player would have to want to come to Seattle and there would be competing offers from other teams, but the possibility would be there. 

What do you guys think - could Seattle snag a few of these players?",How good can the Seattle Kraken be?
1820,nhl,,Stolen but funny
1821,nhl,,"Canadiens vs Golden Knights Game 2 Prediction, Odds and Betting Trends"
1822,nhl,,if only 🤑
1823,nhl,"If Doug is the legit top pair guy everyone says he is. How can he not be signing a big ticket with the Kracken? 

Only team with a clean slate to start building 

Probably see them make 3 big free agent moves",Hamilton is a squid
1824,nhl,,"Congratulations to Vegas on winning game 1. As requested by my Vegas Golden Knights fans, here’s my latest watercolour painting of Marc-Andre Fleury 🌸. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share. 🙏"
1825,nhl,I’ve added a few post flairs so that everyone is able to distinguish between what’s what. Use them as you’d like.,Post Flairs are now available
1826,nhl,I today read that Dougie Hamilton is allowed to talk to other teams to possibly set up a sign and trade deal with another team. My question is: why would you do that? Just for one more year on the contract?,Sign and Trade: Dougie Hamilton - Why?
1827,nhl,,another year of disappointment
1828,nhl,hey so i was wondering what NHL team you guys find the most fun to watch,what team is the most fun to watch
1829,nhl,,NHL DET VS SJ (close game)
1830,nhl,,My First Meme
1831,nhl,[deleted],Better video quality of the lightning penalty after I got chirped in the comments
1832,nhl,,Playoff Officiating
1833,nhl,Can someone explain how/why penalties were assessed at 20:00 in the 3rd period with no overtime? They don't carry over so what is the purpose of this?,Penalty at the end of the game?
1834,nhl,"The title says it all, but in addition to complaining here swamping that address with complaints about the need for appeals based on replay may just have an effect that complaining here won't.... it can't hurt.",Write to gbettman@nhl.com to complain about the refereeing
1835,nhl,,Series Even at 1 onto NY
1836,nhl,,Lightning Even Series Behind Nikita Kucherov
1837,nhl,,Lightning Fans
1838,nhl,[deleted],Welp! Their season is over. What horrendous officiating.
1839,nhl,"This 2nd Isles Tampa game has me turning off the sound and mostly ignoring it because the refereeing has been so bad, and I've been watching hockey for 66 years. NHL you must institute appeals based on replay otherwise you'll not only never attract a new audience you're going to lose the existing one. These refs look like they were drawn from a peewee league. The NHL looks like they're stuck in the dark ages to have games run like this with no right of appeal or ability to use replay by the refs.",Truly horrible refereeing tonight
1840,nhl,"So, this stick came to me by happenstance. I’m not trying to sell it or anything, but if someone can let me know whether it’s one I should take special care of, I’d greatly appreciate it! I can’t read the writing

https://imgur.com/a/pUKy8xJ/",Please Help Identify!
1841,nhl,,The Lightning just have the better coaching staff — adding an extra player onto the ice is an amazing strategy!
1842,nhl,"I have added team emojis and updated and finished the flair system. . Everyone FLAIR UP with your favorite team. (Only 1 flair per person right now).  I want to see if everything works before I make it to where you are able to have 2 flairs.   Comment on this thread if you have ANY problems!  Also comment if everything works on your end.  You should be able to flair up on computers and Mobile. If not, let me know!",FLAIR SYSTEM NOW UP
1843,nhl,"I’m not an expert, so forgive me.
But with 7 players on the ice, why is that goal not ruled out?

But nice work by Kucherov (again)",TB 2nd goal - not ruled out?
1844,nhl,,Scoring by Defenseman
1845,nhl,"I want to hear people's opinions and perspectives on this, because I believe there's much to discuss. Was Vegas genuinely gifted a good team right from the get-go, or was it just good management (and some luck) from their part?",Is all the hate for the Golden Knights justified?
1846,nhl,"If the habs win, legally I'm allowed to respond to every comment saying, ""micky mouse Canadian division"" and ""McDavid 100 points don't count"" by saying the other division were dogwater and the Canadian division was the only division full of real teams",If the Habs win...
1847,nhl,,This was called as a penalty on the Lightning
1848,nhl,,Are the Islanders the Team of Destiny? NHL Playoff Predictions
1849,nhl,"Well, Vegas is making another deep playoff run, and once again people are upset because they were unfairly gifted a Cup-contending team by Gary Bettman's new expansion draft rules, or something like that. But that's not really what happened. Here's the team Vegas drafted at the 2017 expansion draft:

https://preview.redd.it/oq69jkeuwg571.png?width=534&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=abdce4f88a07bc7a847bf4e2b7f9b85e668e058e

Note that the players with bolded names were **asked** to be selected by their original teams. It's by no means a very remarkable team, though it is enough to not be the unanimous worst team in the league. Compare that to this next team, which by my best estimate is the most talented/balanced team they could have selected at the time:

https://preview.redd.it/sc0my4k93h571.png?width=488&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7784b86a8bec02560bae2351c73cb4c54f25538b

Something to note, of course, is that I'm not an NHL general manager in 2017 with a team of scouts at my disposal. The Golden Knights had a very good GM and scouting team. Some of my picks are the same as theirs because I have to recognise this great scouting. Other picks I made might actually be terrible. But the point being made is that Vegas could have likely had a better team from just the expansion draft alone. Would this team be much better on the ice? Hard to say. But that brings up another great point, that even with the players available, a Cup-contending team was probably unlikely to selected.

The next chart shows the players basically gifted to the Golden Knights by other NHL teams (shown in red) for expansion draft considerations. Some of the players listed were given to Vegas as 2017 entry draft picks.

https://preview.redd.it/xyio7qc84h571.png?width=534&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=a998df330da299f4ae5c1310e2e903d6bc3d8734

That's a decent amount of talent that Vegas was not at all entitled to. Other GMs gave the Golden Knights these players and picks so that they would select the bolded names, some of which may have been selected by the Golden Knights regardless.

The next chart will show (to the best of my knowledge) both notable and unnotable players that Vegas has acquired directly from expansion draft selections and other acquisitions that same night.

https://preview.redd.it/p2df8blr4h571.png?width=413&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7fbbf0488a5f0cd74d322c8bab0b40a8c2cba775

&amp;#x200B;

It can be argued that Vegas could not have traded for some of these players had they not gotten such good players during the expansion draft. That very well may be true, but as we saw, Vegas's initial team wasn't particularly amazing, especially during the summer of 2017 when many of their best players now were not considered as good as they are today. The players in green were acquired by Vegas through great scouting and negotiating. The Golden Knights management knows how to take advantage of other teams, and **this** is likely why many hockey fans dislike the team so much.

Lastly, we will look at the current roster of the Vegas Golden Knights. Capfriendly has 27 players currently on their active playoff roster. Only 6 of them were drafted in the 2017 expansion draft.

https://preview.redd.it/db7e4n5o5h571.png?width=534&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=e875b252669655b14a76232631a9180270fc533e

4 of those 6 players were **asked** by their original teams to be selected. 4 more of their active players were basically gifted to them that same evening. Another 6 were acquired through smart scouting and trading of assets the team acquired that very night. The remaining 11 are, what the haters might consider, the only fair acquisitions.

Yes, the Golden Knights did get rather favourable expansion draft rules when compared to previous expansion drafts. But it's bad for the sport and the league if a new team, especially one in a new market, is terrible in their first few seasons. However, the league did not give Vegas a Cup-contending team with the new rules. Several other GMs gave them some of those pieces on the night of the expansion draft, and the phenomenal management and scouting team of the Golden Knights has done the rest. I know most of you probably already knew that, but I thought it would be fun and interesting to put this together, and to act as a point of reference if the Seattle Kraken also manage to fleece the other 30 NHL teams this summer.",In defense of the Vegas Golden Knights
1850,nhl,"I’m a Vegas Golden Knights fan but grew up rooting for the Capitals, but have only really gotten into hockey since the Knights came into existence. I know more names than just the big ones but still have a ways to go and am hoping this subreddit can help me out. 

I want to know everything about your favorite team - its history, why your favorite team has the name it does, unsung heroes, notable/HOF players, notable moments, the good and bad signings, draft picks and traded - the works! I’d also greatly appreciate YouTube videos/channel, book and movie/documentary suggestions! 

I recognize that I can Google some of those things and/or post in each individual team’s subreddit, but I was hoping to start a larger thread and hopefully others can learn something new too! Thanks in advance for anything you reply with.",Teach me about your favorite team!
1851,nhl,,Islanders vs. Lightning
1852,nhl,[deleted],10 years ago today Boston Bruins Defeated the Vancouver Canucks in Vancouver to win the Stanley Cup
1853,nhl,,Philadelphia Flyers Legend Found Dead!
1854,nhl,What do the Habs need to change to win this series?,After yesterday's game...
1855,nhl,"After watching majority of their series with Boston and Pitt ive come to terms that the Isles style of play ruins the enjoyment of watching hockey. Them beating Tampa 1-0 the other night tells you everything you need to know. Boring, trap first, defensive style of play i find zero entertainment watching.",Anyone else despise the islanders/ their style of play?
1856,nhl,,This post just popped up in my suggestions. Ice cold take that certainly didn’t age well
1857,nhl,I'm new to the Hockey scene so can someone tell me why are the Golden Knights so disliked outside of Vegas?,Can someone answer this for me
1858,nhl,,Knights defeat Canadiens 4-1
1859,nhl,,why are nhl jerseys so expensive:(
1860,nhl,"I would love to see national flags on Jerseys for each player. I feel at least if your own country scores against you, you can cheer a bit... Any thoughts?",Nation Flags on Jerseys
1861,nhl,"I have been watching hockey my whole life. I just watch for the entertainment and don't really follow all the stats and all that. 

Can someone please explain why players get kicked out of the face off. Every game I try and see any similarities and I can't see any patterns. Most of the time I think its the hesitation of the linesman that throws everyone off.",ELI5 face offs
1862,nhl,[removed],Flairs
1863,nhl,"Once in  while his little nonsensical points are fine, but so often it feels like Pierre is the little brother trying to make sure he isn't ignored by the adults in the room..","Honestly Pierre, we don't want to hear about a BBQ you went to this afternoon.. shutup man.."
1864,nhl,[deleted],This has probably already been asked but what are you willing to give up for Jack Eichel?
1865,nhl,[deleted],How to join r/montrealcanadians?
1866,nhl,Hooked chopped and held I meant Montreal yet Vegas getting calls for junk. That is all.,So far Vegas must have house money on the Refs with these calls.
1867,nhl,,[Serious] Is there someone hanging in the rafters of this NHL commercial break?
1868,nhl,Anyone know the song that played at the end of the 18:03 break in the first period?,Song?? (VGK/MTL)
1869,nhl,,"2 of my most hated teams. Whichever wins this series, I hope you lose the finals."
1870,nhl,,Rickrolling the Montreal Canadiens
1871,nhl,,Do it for Tyler.
1872,nhl,,The mascots know what's up.
1873,nhl,"So NHL.tv (NHL gamecenter) will no longer exist next season. Being folded into ESPN+. Will we still be able to watch every out of market game through ESPN+?

Not sure how much detail has been released on this.",ESPN+ the new NHL.tv ?
1874,nhl,I hate their colours. I hate how they were given preferential treatment during their expansion draft. And I hate how people who have zero connection to Las Vegas just love them because they've played well in their first 4 years.,I cannot stand VGK. Who else can say same and why?
1875,nhl,,Marc-Andre Fleury Lighting Up NHL With Career Year - LWOH
1876,nhl,,Gerard Gallant to the Rangers
1877,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nzy1vf)",People of Canada: Do you want to see the Canadiens win the Stanley Cup?
1878,nhl,"After hearing why the Canadian division is cr4p compared to the rest, I implemented IIHF historic rankings to take into account how well each team performed the past 4 years. 

Teams were ranked at the end of the regular season (1 to n) and converted to percentile rank. 1st got 100, 2nd got 30/31, etc.

Each year was then multiplied by a factor (1,0.75,0.5, 0.25) depending on which year back they were. For instance, in 2017/18, NSH was the top team in the regular season, getting 100pts, but as it was 4 years ago, it was multiplied by 0.25, while in 18/19, they were 7th (80.6pts) normalized to 40.3, 19/20 they were 19th (41.9pth) normalized to 31.5, and 20/21 were 12th (61.3 pts) normalized to 61.3, for a 4yr total of 158.01. 

Thus, if a team were president's trophy winners 4 years in a row, they would get 250 pts for a 4 yr ranking.

I then compared their 4 yr historic performance with how they performed in the current playoff year.

It is interesting to see, the 4 Canadian teams rank in the past 4 yrs:

TOR - 7th this year, WIN - 10th, EDM - 14th, and MTL - 21. which shows that 3 of the teams correctly made the playoffs, and the 4th team should have been golfing by now, but for a good Price.

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/sytwxd7xxa571.png?width=754&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=d38ebf70f24fb5edf6b8e8488e8bde61a4b645b5

What's more interesting is seeing how they ranked the previous year. 3 of the 4 teams in the semi-finals last year return, while Dallas, who lost in the final, did not qualify this year, while the current underdog is MTL.

If history repeats itself, then perhaps it will be MTL and TB in the final, and TB will start a dynasty!",historic consistency and playoff success
1879,nhl,"https://twitter.com/NYP_Brooksie/status/1404545268960444420?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1404545268960444420%7Ctwgr%5E%7Ctwcon%5Es1_c10&amp;ref_url=

Great Hire!",New York Rangers hire Gerard Gallant
1880,nhl,"i don’t really have an opinion, but i know any major corporation of any kind always have profit as their utmost priority. it got me thinking recently if the sport i love is a little fixed or at the very least, there might be games that are thrown with the help of game management in order to push certain profitable teams forward. especially right now, with such few teams with an audience capacity and all of the ones in the playoffs just happen to be ones with a decent amount allowed to see games live. and then there being one canadian team there (with the largest audience capacity) is interesting because the lack of canadian teams in the playoffs loses them viewership, though that’s mostly coincidental since the canadian teams were trapped with the border closure. 

obviously, it’s just something interesting to think about. hockey is kind of hard to fix and there would always be a way around games that are thrown if they play well enough and have a decent PP. 

but what’s your opinion? ever had this thought yourself? do you think there’s a rigged system hidden underneath it all? possibly for profit or even betting (though i kinda doubt this one)?",Do you think the NHL is rigged/fixed?
1881,nhl,,Top 5 overrated 1st round picks since 2015.
1882,nhl,,70/71 NHL Sticker Book - West Division
1883,nhl,,70/71 NHLSticker Book - East Division
1884,nhl,[deleted],1970/71 NHL Sicker Book
1885,nhl,[deleted],1970/71 Sticker Book - East Division
1886,nhl,[deleted],1970/71 Esso Sticker Book - East Division
1887,nhl,,true or false?
1888,nhl,[deleted],1970/71 Esso Sticker Book
1889,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

[5750 Carey Price hockey cards \(594 uniques\)](https://preview.redd.it/yfuom3ne0a571.jpg?width=1080&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=837359f8526bc5183649d39787762445b9199117)","""Waiting for the game to start"""
1890,nhl,"Dies anyone else think these semifinals and final will be extra fascinating bc none of the teams faced each other in the reg season?

Canada division was weak, but I dont think weaker than the 3 California teams, which is why Vegas and col got so many points.

So it will be extra fascinating,  especially when running ttests bt the divisions,  there was not much difference. 

I never would've thought the isles to take Tb in game 1, so should entertain the possibility that mtl may win game 1.

Now more than ever, regular season means nothing.

Fascinating time to watch",Fascinating semi finals
1891,nhl,[deleted],"Hey hockey fans, before the playoffs start, I think we all have to come to a consensus. Is this Stanley cup legit?"
1892,nhl," So far I've been able to identify Guy Carbonneau (top right above the logo), Chris Nilan (top left and bottom centre, don't know why he's there twice) and Guy Lafleur (bottom right of the logo) If anyone can help me out and identify any of the rest I'd appreciate it!

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/nyh17wk5p9571.jpg?width=1200&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=3ac51f639f51b31b63ea7bb73fa1fd86103d47cb",Anyone know the autographs on this NHL jersey?
1893,nhl,[deleted],Anyone know the signatures on this NHL jersey?
1894,nhl,,How does this keep happening
1895,nhl,,Isles fans hungry for fish sticks ?
1896,nhl,,"Here's my picks, what are yours ?"
1897,nhl,,Recall that the Canadiens won the NHL for the last time in the 1992/1993 season with a great gap in points. And I think they have the same chances in this season
1898,nhl,[deleted],New Title: “Savvy Youngster Remains at Awesome School to Avoid Buffalo”
1899,nhl,[deleted],New title: “Brilliant Giant Doesn’t Want to Get Drafted by Buffalo”
1900,nhl,,Ice Hockey World Championship Medallists (1920 - 2021)
1901,nhl,Curious about what everyone’s thoughts are here?,Who is the best goalie of the 2000s
1902,nhl,[removed],World of chel
1903,nhl,,Mathew Barzal Show Aggressive Play In Game 1 Win for Islanders
1904,nhl,,"In honour of tonight’s game, let’s never forget the lengths Marchand will go through to get the W."
1905,nhl,,Islanders’ Varlamov
1906,nhl,"How can teams in Florida (Texas, Tenn., etc.) exploit their tax advantage vs teams in Canada, Boston, Colorado, California and elsewhere.",ELI5: How teams that play in states without certain tax laws benefit vs. the other majority of teams?
1907,nhl,,Islanders take game in a solid team performance. Varlamov sparkles.
1908,nhl,,"Let’s try this again. Too many Debbie downers being negative in the last one. What do these four teams, and only these four teams, have in common about their names, not city or state name, and not nicknames, just the team name?"
1909,nhl,,Was thinking about dirty players and looked up Matt Cooke…which one of you degenerates didn’t this to his wiki page
1910,nhl,"I think the Tampa and NY series will be tight. I'm saying Tampa wins today, but NY wins the series in 7.

Vegas and Montreal i think will go 6 games and the Habs will take it.",Semi Finals... What's your prediction?
1911,nhl,,Last game at Maple Leaf Gardens 1999
1912,nhl,,Huh. Guess Montreal really was meant to meet Vegas.
1913,nhl,,Ed Belfour was the most requested goalie mask to be painted so here it is. This took me 21 hours to create. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share. 🙏
1914,nhl,,☕️ 🐸
1915,nhl,[deleted],Anyone want to play a game? What do these four teams have in common?
1916,nhl,"My wife of 16 years and I have always watched playoff hockey together.  My team is the Oilers, so I'm used to disappointment and crying myself to sleep at night.  Her team is the Canadiens, so I'll gladly cheer them on to go all the way and win the Stanley Cup.  C'mon guys, bring it back home to Canada where it belongs.",The true test of a marriage is rooting for opposing NHL teams.
1917,nhl,,Old school cool.
1918,nhl,For someone brand new to the Nhl if you could describe each team in the league in 1 word or sentence what would it be? Do any teams have that certain phrase or “look” to them like how people call the Yankees the evil empire or how the green bat packers have the frozen tundra and the iconic trophy is named after them.,If you could describe each team?
1919,nhl,,Kadri sharing some of the racist messages he’s received on his cat’s Instagram
1920,nhl,,"Pat, I'd like to solve the puzzle."
1921,nhl,,"Steve, I'd like to phone a friend."
1922,nhl,,"""It was your fault!"""
1923,nhl,,I make memes to cope with the pain...
1924,nhl,,What team would you say have the best and worst nhl arena?
1925,nhl,"What do you guys think? Agree/Disagree? 

&amp;#x200B;

1. Connor McDavid 
2. Nathan Mackinnon 
3. Auston Matthews 
4. Leon Draisaitl 
5. Sidney Crosby 
6. Victor Hedman
7. Patrick Kane 
8. Nikita Kucherov 
9. Artemi Panarin 
10. Brad Marchand",My Rankings of the Top 10 Players in the NHL RIGHT NOW
1926,nhl,,"""Knock, knock..."""
1927,nhl,,My watercolour of Ken Dryden. One of my favourite paintings. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share. 🙏 go Habs 🔴
1928,nhl,,The Lighting next season when the salary cap doesn't change
1929,nhl,,Help keep the streak alive.
1930,nhl,,Carey knows best.
1931,nhl,,Leaf fans when they're kicked out of the playoffs
1932,nhl,"The Montreal Canadiens finished 4th in the in the North division and thus attained the last playoff spot. They got 24 wins with 20 of those in regulation in the regular season.

The Calgary Flames finished 5th and missed the playoffs. They got 26 wins with 22 of those in regulation.

Despite Montreal having less wins and also less regulation wins than Calgary, they made the playoffs with 59 points ahead of Calgary's 55 points due to having many more overtime/shootout loss points.

This example is a big flaw that shows that the current point system in the NHL is unfair. It rewards losing and allows teams to make the playoffs by losing in overtime/shootout.

Another flaw is that when teams are tied near the end of the 3rd period, they are more likely to play  conservatively knowing that by reaching overtime, they will get at least one guaranteed point. In the old point system when ties were allowed, this did not happen. Simply finishing the game tied after regulation did not automatically guarantee either team a point.

A simple way to remove both of these flaws in the current system is for the loser to get 0 points in all cases and for a shootout win to be reduced to 1 point for the winner. 2 points for a reg or OT win would remain the same. This point system is simpler than the current one and is also closer to the old system with ties in that when the game remained tied after overtime the most a team could earn was 1 point. The addition of the shootout after should really determine which team gets to keep their 1 point.

One sticking point for some is that reg season overtime is played 3 vs 3 now and some feel this is not ""real"" hockey and games should not be decided this way. This isn't really a flaw of the point system but rather a subjective opinion on the best way to break a tie. And knowing that the NHL will not go back to ties and won't remove shootouts, no point system will change one's opinion of 3 vs 3 overtime. There's nothing inherently wrong or less ""real"" about 3 vs 3 play. Some teams will be better at it than others but that would apply to all other facets of the game. It can be avoided by winning in regulation. Now I do think it would be more fair for overtime to be longer and to start at 4 vs 4 before going to 3 vs 3.

Some people have suggested that regulation wins be changed to 3 points. However, this would cause the maximum number of points a team could get in one season to suddenly increase by a lot and it would make it impossible to compare to past season point totals. It would also mess up records. Plus it doesn't remove the flaw of teams being able to possibly make the playoffs by losing.",Is it fair that the Montreal Canadiens are in the 2021 playoffs?
1933,nhl,Hoping they don’t pick one place only with the whole border thing. Anyone know about this?,Habs Knights playing in both cities?
1934,nhl,"I do feel bad for them. However, have to say it’s cool to see guys like matthews mcdavid and Mac dog losing in the playoffs right now. Still on the quest and hungry to get there, especially Mac. Guys like Ovi, Syd, the bruins they get bounced and you can just see a whole different vibe about it. More business than personal, maybe. Idk just a shower thought I guess but I thought it was cool to see as these young guns have taken over the league.",Losing is cool?
1935,nhl,No one wants a team to win the Cup that is cheating on the cap space.,I hope who ever wins the Golden Knights - Habs series wins the Cup. Love this underdog stories!
1936,nhl,,I feel like a child awaiting Christmas. The beatdown Montréal is going to get from Vegas! Going to be LEGENDARY!
1937,nhl,"I feel like the winner of Vegas vs Montreal is going to be at a huge disadvantage going into the cup finals given the extreme distance they will have to travel in the semi-final round. Anyone else see it this way, or differently?",Do Vegas and Montreal have a big disadvantage?
1938,nhl,,"Another year, another RIP for Avs fans"
1939,nhl,,Vegas vs Montreal
1940,nhl,,i’m gonna sit this one out
1941,nhl,,Can you guess when DeBoer's complaints started to kick in?
1942,nhl,,"As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour portrait of Tyler Toffoli’s game 4 OT goal celebration after an amazing pass by Caufield. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share. 🙏"
1943,nhl,,Vegas on the road to a cup
1944,nhl,,"As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour portrait of Tyler Toffoli’s game 7 OT goal celebration. Hope you like. Thanks for letting me share. 🙏🔴"
1945,nhl,,Buffalo- the dark hole of the NHL😂
1946,nhl,,NHL.com flipped the conference sides... whoops
1947,nhl,,Why hockey will always be better than basketball
1948,nhl,,Mitchell Marner 2018 Stadium Series Jersey for sale
1949,nhl,,Crypto Payments Introduced Into Hockey by Jose Sharks - Cryptocurrency News
1950,nhl,,Regular season stats...lol
1951,nhl,,Hockey in a nutshell sometimes players fight but usually they're friends. The game is very emotional
1952,nhl,"Apart from Tampa having a huge advantage with low state tax and players taking home more money with less AAV hit. They manage to manipulate the cap with LTIR bs every year. But this post isn’t about that. I’m really feeling like the cap has eliminated stars being compensated as stars and if you do, you’re less likely to do well in the post season. When stars can be extinguished with less calls and clutching and grabbing. 

I’m not saying I have the answers, but I do feel that games must be called the same regular season and post. Does anyone else feel this way, or is it just me?

Looking forward to regular season dominance next year, with my cap crippled team...
GO LEAFS GO... LMFAO!!! Vomit...","Leafs fan here. Mcdavid is the best. He didn’t break anyone’s heart, with a crushing game 7 loss against a bitter rival. He didn’t even show up! 4 and out. Simple. But seriously, all three hart candidates out of the playoffs, before the third round. How can this be good for hockey?"
1953,nhl,,"This week on ""Remembering the Regular Season"""
1954,nhl,"From [NHL.com](https://NHL.com) earlier today - is there something we don't know? looks like another easy series for the Habs ...

https://preview.redd.it/mp0xkw28im471.png?width=2560&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=91db9d2ee1f5eb5cc049a7895486894951cebbcc",Habs vs. Islanders
1955,nhl,,By how many goals did the Canadiens beat the Jets tonight?
1956,nhl,,"Vegas baby, Vegas"
1957,nhl,,"Conference Finals are #2 vs #4 and #3 vs #4, 2 games away from every lowest seeded playoff team advancing to the conference finals. Considering if the better team won every series then every team remaining would be a #1 seed, what do y’all think caused all the upsets this season?"
1958,nhl,What players do you think they will snag from other teams as well?,(Discussion) Will the Seattle Kraken have the same success as Vegas did in their first year or will they have a typical first year struggles?
1959,nhl,,Why did they switch sides on the bracket? Everything worked out so that they didn't have to do that.
1960,nhl,,I may be dumb but why are teams not wearing their third/reverse retro jerseys in the playoffs?
1961,nhl,"The reporters talking to Mackinnon in the golden knights post game are terrible. You don’t have to be good but you gotta be better than that. Like saying fuck it to Mackinnon, really?",NHL reporters
1962,nhl,,Who had this in their brackets as the final four?
1963,nhl,,VGK wins the west and advances to meet the surprise of the playoffs Montréal Canadiens in round 3.
1964,nhl,,I starting to see a pattern here
1965,nhl,"I for one, am going to now cheer for Vegas. 
I’ve never understood how people root against the team that beat you. Wouldn’t you want the team you lost to to be the best team in the league? Besides that I want the cup to stay in the US of A (so beat Montreal) then I also want the cup to stay in the west. Like Ron Swanson said “upon my death all my belongings (Stanley’s cup) shall transfer to the man or animal (or team) who has killed me”  so yeah F**£ everybody, screw the second round l love the AVS but let’s see Vegas raise the cup. 

Till next season","AVS fan here, cheering for Vegas now"
1966,nhl,"The question is not who you would like to see win, but who do you think will actually win the Cup?

*Note: You can post your reasons in the comments below.*

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nx6vd8)","Now that the NHL divisional winners are finalized, who do you think will win the Stanley Cup?"
1967,nhl,,I heard it through the first two!
1968,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/owahgwp58k471.png?width=924&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=9c2abbe70207e8826ee0086f32a5ce5ac3cf94d7",go home NHL you're drunk
1969,nhl,,How much longer do we have to endure Gary Bettman?
1970,nhl,,42 of the 50 highest Cap Hit players have been eliminated from playoff contention.
1971,nhl,He can't wait to get back on the ice.,Report: Nazim Kadri excited to finish serving his suspension
1972,nhl,,Hopefully NBCSN and the NHL will finally get off their knees in front of Vegas
1973,nhl,,Every Avs fan tonight after another 2nd Rnd exit.
1974,nhl,,Why I hate Vegas (except Fluery)-- they didn't earn it. They stole it by taking a barn of good players from other teams. Not a real franchise.
1975,nhl,I can’t believe the Avs are gonna lose. A good coach like torts could take that talent over the top.,Torts to Colorado.
1976,nhl,,Carl Sagan explaining how the Avalanche see teams that play defense
1977,nhl,,Respect must be earned in the finals
1978,nhl,,"Who remembers the Avs / Vegas intermission when Anson slipped and said "" vegas vs habs"" instead of ""avs vs vegas""?"
1979,nhl,[deleted],Since retiring Scott Stevens has taken up skateboarding
1980,nhl,,Blue Jackets name Brad Larsen Head Coach
1981,nhl,,Should the Leafs resign Hyman?
1982,nhl,,Really hope this matchup happens
1983,nhl,[deleted],Let it happen
1984,nhl,"Wow, that's all I can say. And that was just the first period.......

Amazing match up, and the fans WIN BIG!!!",Amazing Hockey Av's/Knights
1985,nhl,,Who's next ?
1986,nhl,"Aside from complaining about the sporadic penalties and inconsistent officiating, what is 1 rule change you would like to see brought to the NHL game? My biggest one that I would like to see is to not allow the PK team to dump the puck to kill the power play. My 2nd is that any penalty called in the last minute of a period  automatically results in a penalty shot when committed by the defensive team in thier own zone. If no goal, then proceed as normal.",Rule changes
1987,nhl,,Dear NHL and EA to make a mighty duck DLC where you can play as the adult versions of the old ducks. Now you can play with the new uniforms and the old uniforms. For 21 or 22 when it comes
1988,nhl,,Plenty of room on the bandwagon
1989,nhl,Where is the best place that I can watch 20/21 regular season games online? I’m getting back into watching the league and want to watch other teams that aren’t in the playoffs to get a better idea of all the players in the league.,20/21 regular season games online
1990,nhl,,FUCK YOU ISLANDERS
1991,nhl,,This is so good
1992,nhl,,Stanley Cup Replica I just completed
1993,nhl,,5 years ago today....RIP Mr. Hockey
1994,nhl,"Well the Bs didn’t even make it to game seven. After the first game I thought they would win it in 5. Was hoping for a 2013 type of comeback last night but it just wasn’t in the cards.  Oh well. The Islanders played well and deserve to advance. 

Anyways ironically I’ll probably route for the Isles because they were my second favorite team lol. But honestly idk. Gonna be interesting.",Who the heck do I route for now?
1995,nhl,I'm thinking someone with hands a la Datsyuk or Kovalev. I feel like everyone talks about speed now and I have trouble thinking of players with sick hands outside of Patrick Kane,Who has the sickest mitts in the league right now?
1996,nhl,[deleted],Ready for round 2 isles?
1997,nhl,,Tom Wilson
1998,nhl,,Hard medicine to swallow.
1999,nhl,,Deja Vu
2000,nhl,,NHL Playoffs Daily: Avs fighting to stay alive against the Golden Knights
2001,nhl,,I want to get vaccinated but the lady screaming at me with a megaphone during nhl playoff commercials is making me not want to.
2002,nhl,,5 ways to explain the Habs' success without admitting they're a good team
2003,nhl,"Be honest. Price has been playing fine, but Col/Vegas have been consistently better in the past few years, while the canadian division teams ha e performed poorly the past decade in comparison.

I'd love to see Price get the conn Smyth as roy did in 93, but I have my doubts

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nwmcg8)",Will HABS make it to finals and win it all?
2004,nhl,I’m curious as to why the differences are between the rangers and islanders fan base or any other teams that are this close in proximity to each other. But both teams play in NY very close to each other and even for a moment there both right in the city so do they carry very similar fans or is it very blue collar vs white collar like how it is with the Mets  and Yankees,Rangers vs islanders fanbase
2005,nhl,,Comparing Jordans
2006,nhl,,Real talk- Why does Dougie Hamilton look like Wyatt Russell playing Dougie Hamilton?
2007,nhl,,Electric
2008,nhl,,The Islanders tonight
2009,nhl,,This is the real story
2010,nhl,,Scheiflele to Danault
2011,nhl,,"2 minutes, using slapped to slice"
2012,nhl,,"Say the line, Bart!"
2013,nhl,,Watch out watch out watch out
2014,nhl,,Adios bitchados
2015,nhl,[deleted],See ya
2016,nhl,"Thank you for sending Tom Wilson home before taking the rest of the summer off. 
—Sincerely, a New York fan 
P.S. Fuck Tom Wilson","Dear Boston,"
2017,nhl,,Disappoint.
2018,nhl,,Do not poke the islanders.
2019,nhl,,I said we sad today! &gt;:(
2020,nhl,,"The New York Islanders win the East, will advance to meet Tampa Bay in a rematch of last years Eastern Conference Final."
2021,nhl,"20,000 people in the building and it's the two coaching staffs that are a covid risk? This just looks ridiculous.","Dear NHL, can we please end this charade of making the coaches wear masks?"
2022,nhl,Islanders are so bad and absolutely do not deserve to win the series. They just get lucky and carried by the refs.,islanders are so bad
2023,nhl,"Are there any teams that maybe you don’t hate but because of their fan base you just despise them? And if yes why? I’m new to nhl so im loving hearing different personal histories and all the rivalries in the league. For me coming from other sports I can’t stand yankee fans but do so far like the ny rangers which I hear have similar fan bases. Hate patriots and also bears fans, pretty much all Chicago fan bases",Bad fan bases?
2024,nhl,,Are the bruins gonna make a recovery like they did against the leafs in ‘13 or are we done?
2025,nhl,I’ve been saying this for soo long but Nelson is the most underrated player in the NHL,Brock Nelson
2026,nhl,,"Trying to ID the players / autographs on these Vintage 1950s NHL hockey posters, any experts?"
2027,nhl,,Real lose-lose situation if you ask me
2028,nhl,,Let’s go New York Saints
2029,nhl,"So far I've heard a prediction of 4-3 Isles, but my dad thinks 6-4 bruins. 

Idk, I (bruins fan) feel like the bruins will come out strong tonight with facing elimination. I predict a 5-3 win for the b's, but that's me, so let me hear your thoughts: B's fan, Isles fans, and any other NHL fans...",Bruins vs Isles game 6 predictions?
2030,nhl,,"There's value on the Preds, IMO"
2031,nhl,,It’s the year of the sweep curse. Habs will be getting swept next.
2032,nhl,,Sleep vs war
2033,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/v6qf9w8ola471.jpg?width=500&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=9dc20e5e51dbd29e4b0817ca717b20afe1d934f3",ESPN getting progressive
2034,nhl,,The real playoff P and y'all known it
2035,nhl,,"In honour of tonight’s game, let’s never forget the lengths Marchand will go through to get the W."
2036,nhl,,Rat king strikes again
2037,nhl,,The old dog is still up
2038,nhl,[removed],Moon Update
2039,nhl,,"Congratulations to the Habs on getting to the semi finals. As requested by my Habs fans, here’s my latest watercolour sketch of the Habs bench🔥 Which Habs player should I paint next? 🎨"
2040,nhl,,Shane Wright and Connor Bedard seem to be the consensus #1 picks for the 2022 &amp; 2023 Draft respectively. Any predictions on which teams will be bad enough to draft these guys?
2041,nhl,,Sean Avery on cameo…leafs fans beware
2042,nhl,,"My drawing after Cassidy called the Isles a bunch of ""saints"""
2043,nhl,,Being a habs fan on Instagram is draining
2044,nhl,,HABS IN 6
2045,nhl,,Caught looking.
2046,nhl,,Bruins fans right now.
2047,nhl,,The defending champs win the Central and advance to round 3. They await the winner of NYI-BOS.
2048,nhl,Is it cause they've been winning? Similar to Lakers / Warriors in NBA and Patriots in NFL?,"New Hockey fan, Why is the Lightning so hated?"
2049,nhl,,What happens in the North....
2050,nhl,"When they are in a top form in last years, the most important time of a year, everybody puts money on them...... they start to fall.",Colorado Avalanche is like a bitcoin
2051,nhl,,"A late arrival to the Toronto Maple Leafs playoff collapse bashing party, but still relevant."
2052,nhl,,yo
2053,nhl,,I wish they could invite Jacques Demers to the remaining games for good luck. He has always been a gentleman. Here is a nice link in memory of the old days!
2054,nhl,,"I love how after Toronto loses, the hoodies go to sale 🤣"
2055,nhl,,At least they’ve got something to cheer for now
2056,nhl,,Montreal - Vegas | Canada - USA | The season finale. Coming soon
2057,nhl,"Watching the Jets/ Habs series was great. It was awesome to see how pumped up the city is for the Habs.

Living in Manitoba, we are basically still in COVID lockdown jail. We are not even allowed to meet outside at the park with anyone. Very strict.

My question is, are the COVID rules very relaxed now in Quebec? During the broadcast it would show massive groups of people celebrating outside. Also it constantly showed a large group watching together outside.

Is it legal for people to be outside partying like that? Or does the province not care?

I hope my question is clear. Don't get me wrong, I am SO happy people are celebrating there, I am just curious what is actually allowed?",Question about Montreal street party/ celebrations outside.
2058,nhl,,They aren’t the only ones
2059,nhl,,"Mark ""Money"" Stone"
2060,nhl,Mark stone is playing at ovi levels. Who else has such an impact on the ice and can make space like him in the playoff seasons rn,Mark stone is ovi
2061,nhl,,something isn't right here 🤔
2062,nhl,,this is a joke and not a cry for help. my first post
2063,nhl,,2nd straight series clinching shutout. Give this man the Vezina!!
2064,nhl,,Views
2065,nhl,,Iced em
2066,nhl,,"It’s lightning in Tampa tonight, fitting"
2067,nhl,,Lightning fans looking forward to this or not ..
2068,nhl,,Some damn good coupons
2069,nhl,,Leafs fans are letting this happen?
2070,nhl,,Got to give the leafs some credit. They took Montreal to 7 games ;)
2071,nhl,,Thoughts on cassidy getting fined 25k?
2072,nhl,,Habs fan celebrating the sweep
2073,nhl,,Sean Avery goes full Honey Badger on Toronto Fan(s)
2074,nhl,,Lets go Saints!
2075,nhl,,Cole streak!
2076,nhl,"I have seen Oilers fans acting as if they are fine without Hall, it’s not even the salary they just straight don’t want him at all. I don’t understand, this teams problem is secondary scoring and Hall would be exactly what they would need. 

Is it just or are some Oilers fans delusional in thinking they couldn’t use Hall and are almost wishing for him to fail?",Why do Oilers fans say they don’t want/need Hall?
2077,nhl,,the circle of life
2078,nhl,,Leafs Fan Reaction To losing game 7
2079,nhl,,Everyone digging deep to do their part and pull out a big game 4 win.
2080,nhl,,Clean sweep
2081,nhl,,"Punch guy in head while down? $5K. Say something moderately bad about officiating? $25K. Yep, hockey makes total sense. :p"
2082,nhl,,Clean sweep
2083,nhl,,The “battle for the north”
2084,nhl,,Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy calls out refs for buying into 'New York Saints' narrative about Islanders
2085,nhl,"I haven't been on this sub much so idk if this topic has been discussed much.

But in most places ive browsed through, ive seen nothing but condescending attitudes towards the north division about how weak it was etc.

So today i decided to peak my curiosity, and i noticed that the last placed canada team was Vancouver at 23 overall, each division has teams below canada, so at that point, the north division is the highest placed last place. Idk if that's the proper terminology or not.

Now its very clear to see, that in terms overall throughout the division, that the division collectively as a whole isnt as good as top teams in other divisions. 

But to objectively say its a weak division as a whole just doesnt seem to add up, as you could potentially argue the case that either all teams throughout the division had the ability to be competitive with each other or that yes the collective is that the division just sucks. 

I bring this up, mostly due to montreal, im trying to see what knowledgeable hockey fans think of them, last seeded team, but clearly proved they can take on the teams in the division.

Now they go up against either the avs or the knights in the semi finals, the teams that placed 1 and 2, respectively. Obviously looking at the standings, youd think that well of course one of the top 2 teams will likely beat the 18th seeded team.

Its the playoffs so of course we never know, but im genuinely curious to think of other peoples thoughts in the matchup of either the avs/kinghts vs the habs.

Are people selling the Canadians short, or is it likely that the habs will be eliminated by either of them?

Obviously this is entirely HYPOTHETICAL, but i am curious if anyone has a reasonable opinion outside of bias.",The North Division
2086,nhl,,This aged well
2087,nhl,,Start investing in pizza stonks now.
2088,nhl,,"I'm a Leafs fan, my boss is a Habs fan. I made this for our morning presentation"
2089,nhl,,Thought someone may like this. It’s a schedule or.. something (honestly don’t know) for the NHLs 1907-1908 season.
2090,nhl,,"Everywhere I look, I see him. All hail pizza guy."
2091,nhl,"Why is she getting so much hate , why not let her live and see if she plays good .",Taya Currie
2092,nhl,,Is there any NHL players that were stripped from captaincy and if so why?
2093,nhl,"Its great too see the Habs move on, they clawed back from us, and defeat a highly talented Jets team. Good luck and good fortune to them against the Avs or The Knights. Looking forward to an awesome series.

Good to see a Canadian team go far and hopefully go further.","From a leafs fan, congrats to montreal !"
2094,nhl,"Leafs fans pump up his tires all the time and say he’s a top 5 player in this league. I genuinely don’t even think he’s a top 5 *centre* in the league, let alone player. Perhaps he’s a top 10-15 player, he won the rocket, albeit in the ***GODAWFUL*** North Division. Sure he can score at least 35 goals a year, but he has literally done **NOTHING** in the playoffs over his entire career. He wasn’t even the centre on his team this playoffs. 

I just don’t see how Leafs fans, and other fans of other teams, hype him up to be on the same playing field as Drai, Mackinnon, Barkov, Point, hell even a healthy Pettersson puts better numbers than him. And don’t get me started on the guys that think he’s close to McDavid. The difference between Matthews and McDavid is as big as the difference is between Matthews and Leo Komarov...... except Komarov actually has playoff success. 

This isn’t to say he is not good. Of course he’s good, but he’s extremely overpaid at 11.6, and is nowhere near as good as any leaf fan will tell you. Top 15 player in the league, decent regular season performer. However, I don’t think it’s any stretch to say that he’s the most overrated player I’ve seen take the ice in years.",Is Auston Matthews the most overrated player in the NHL?
2095,nhl,,Will this be the year of the sweep curse? If the habs get swept next round it might be so
2096,nhl,,Do it for Stanley
2097,nhl,,We sweep the U.S and A
2098,nhl,,We sweep the U.S and A
2099,nhl,,Downtown Montreal after game 4 win to sweep the Winnipeg Jets
2100,nhl,,"Watching the jets sweep the oilers, then watching them get swept by the habs"
2101,nhl,,The face you make
2102,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nuvy7f)",If ya had to guess who do ya think will win the cup?
2103,nhl,,Pizza Guy is For Real
2104,nhl,"To preface, I’m saying nothing about the refs, but I know baseball has ump score cards. Is there an equivalent in hockey I’m also aware it’s not as clear cut as balls and strikes but I would think there would be someone like moneypuck but for refs.",Ref analysis
2105,nhl,,The meme that keeps on giving
2106,nhl,,An image worth a thousand words
2107,nhl,,The real kings of the North!
2108,nhl,,"What just happened? OT was about to start, so I went to brush my teeth - 2 minutes later the series was over! I’m glad I have a DVR."
2109,nhl,,Let’s rewrite the red wedding
2110,nhl,,Oilers Fans Right Now:
2111,nhl,,Habs OT playoffs performance this season
2112,nhl,,"Not the same sport, but still relatable."
2113,nhl,,"I honestly never thought the Habs would make it in to the playoffs, let alone be advancing to thr third round.. wow"
2114,nhl,,How many games did it take to sweep the Jets?
2115,nhl,,Nice try
2116,nhl,"So I just realized with the strange divisions this year, there’s no ECF and WCF, just semifinals due to Canada being one division. So for the teams that win the semifinals, will there be a Prince of Wales and Campbell trophy?  And if so is it possible that Montreal could win the Campbell trophy for the first time ever?  

For the team that makes it to the SCF and loses, what is that team called?  You can’t call them “Western Conference Champions”.",Trophy after “semifinals”
2117,nhl,,Fewer fans = greater chance of ending up on TV 😳
2118,nhl,,I love close games when my team isn’t playing. 😃
2119,nhl,,British Guy Habs Rap
2120,nhl,,"Man, myth, legend."
2121,nhl,,Jets rn😔
2122,nhl,I know it may be a bit bias but does it look like the bruins are getting awful calls or is it just me.,bruins vs islanders
2123,nhl,,Biased IMO
2124,nhl,,Very sad
2125,nhl,"Hi,

&amp;#x200B;

I tried finding the answer only but didn't find anything. Can someone tell me when is the last time Montreal Canadiens won a playoff round in 4 games only?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks",Last time Montreal Canadiens won a playoff round in 4 games
2126,nhl,"Over the history of NHL on NBC, do we know what their preferred matchups were and do we have an idea what ESPN would like? My thought was that NBC preferred original six teams, coastal teams, geographical city rivalries, US teams, and teams that were relevant. And by NBC, I’m not taking NBCSN on a weeknight…I’m talking the actual cable channel NBC for what would be essentially prime time NHL games…the games they would advocate for the winter classic or Saturday/Sunday. Is this a fair ranking of major matchups they liked to show over their history?

1) Caps vs Pens (Crosby vs Ovechkin)
2) Rangers vs Flyers (NY vs Philly) 
3) Blackhawks vs Wings (historic O6 teams) 
4) Flyers vs Pens (Pennsylvania) 
5) Bruins vs Rangers (East Coast) 

Teams that “sold”: Kings, Hawks, Wings, Bruins, Rangers, Flyers, Penguins, Caps

Teams that they tolerate under the right situation: Leafs, Habs, Wild, Blues, Sharks, Sabres (most of these either strong local TV markets, iconic Canadian teams, or SF). 

Everyone else: irrelevant 

I thought I had heard the Canadian teams weren’t popular with the US networks due to lack of country-wide appeal…so potentially cool matchups like Bruins vs Habs, Habs vs Leafs weren’t attractive to NBC. Do people agree?",Most Appealing Matchups on NBC
2127,nhl,,"Who's better, who's better ?"
2128,nhl,,2020-2021 season am i right?!
2129,nhl,"I’m not a hockey expert, but I am a Bruins fans, and I just wanted to know how bright the Bruins future looks, and what hockey experts think of it.",What do you guys think of the Bruins future?
2130,nhl,If the NHL doesn’t do something about the absolutely worst refs I have ever seen then there’s no pint in watching the games. It’s becoming more and more clear that they have decided who they want to play in the finals and it’s getting ridiculous. I have been a hockey fan for all 45 years I have been alive and if something doesn’t change I will never watch another game.,Refs
2131,nhl,,Say what you want but the refs absolutely hate the bruins
2132,nhl,,Yeah
2133,nhl,,Truly obnoxious
2134,nhl,,my thoughts on the current series in the league. anybody thoughts?
2135,nhl,,Everyone watching the playoffs:
2136,nhl," This is the 34th occasion in team history that the Canadiens have taken a  3-0 lead in a series. In the 33 previous series, the Habs have won all  of them. In 22 of those series, the Habs completed the four-game sweep.  The 22 series sweeps are an NHL record.","History favors the Habs, as per these stats."
2137,nhl,,The real MVP's.
2138,nhl,,Eat pizza + cheer Habs = playoff win.
2139,nhl,,Lmao who did this
2140,nhl,,Bruh who did this.
2141,nhl,,Which one of you guys did this?
2142,nhl,,"To all the Kings fans out there, I drew Andreas Athanasiou to honor you team! But I’m going to be honest, I don’t know much about the Kings. Don’t hate on me."
2143,nhl,,"Islanders vs Bruins Game 5 Prediction, Odds and Betting Trends"
2144,nhl,"My dad (a bruins fan) came to the stark realization that Tampa bay could play Montreal in the cup final and he said he would not watch even a second of it. 


I just found that kinda funny I don’t know why.",Tampa vs Montreal
2145,nhl,,"My wife found this screenshot and reminded me how crazy the 2017 playoffs were, down to the Penguins mirror match for the finals"
2146,nhl,,1970/71 Sticker Book
2147,nhl,"Sticker book from 70/71. I remember getting so excited every time we stopped for gas then rushing to the kitchen table to add to the collection.

Not a Hab fan, but Jesus H. Christ  - look at that line-up",1970/71 Sticker Book
2148,nhl,,Johnathan Marchessualt with the hat trick. Knights in 6.
2149,nhl,,Marchy With the Hatty.
2150,nhl,,I drew this iconic scene from the Maple Leafs Canadiens series
2151,nhl,,For sure getting out worked but this isn't helping.
2152,nhl,,Does anyone know where the Habs (or maybe Jets) are gonna play their home games in the next round?
2153,nhl,,Jets down 3-0 but at least they got through the first round
2154,nhl,"My friend and I were discussing which team is more heavily star-focused. One of us thinks the Caps are mostly just Ovechkin while the pens are more balanced and rely less on Crosby. One of us thinks it's the other way around. 

What do you guys think?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nu1myv)",Which team is more of a one-man operation?
2155,nhl,Just that.,Does Vegas have different standards when it comes to reffing/player discipline?
2156,nhl,,"I made this, it needed to be said."
2157,nhl,That 2nd goal from vgk was painful to watch. Why are the avs collapsing?,Where are all the people saying VGK would get destroyed by AVS
2158,nhl,,To all the jets fans out there
2159,nhl,,Bonk 2
2160,nhl,If the Canadiens end up sweeping the jets and go to the Stanley cup semifinals and win that Carey Price is a living legend.,Is this the year Carey Price becomes the new Dominik Hasek?
2161,nhl,,By how many goals did the Canadiens beat the Jets tonight?
2162,nhl,,Who does Montreal play after Winnipeg? Asking for my boyfriend.
2163,nhl,,"Maybe I’m dumb, but why is the crest backwards on the jersey?"
2164,nhl,,Are the Canadiens actually good or are the Jets so bad they make the Habs look good?
2165,nhl,,Nice
2166,nhl,Not even a Habs fan. Just pure Schadenfreude bliss.,Anyone else enjoying watching the Jets burn? Still fuck you Scheifele. Canadiens in 4.
2167,nhl,,Addressing Scheifele's dirty hit on Evans by Oui The North
2168,nhl,"Hey Canadian Hockey fans, you need to start putting pressure on your elected officials to lift covid restrictions. Every state in the US has lifted restrictions significantly, yet Canada is living like its June 2020.  Whoever wins the Canadian division (likely Montreal), will be at a massive disadvantage in the next round. The US teams will have their houses rocking, if Canada doesn’t catch up I don’t see how they can evenly compete. The fans have made an enormous impact this year.",Canadian teams at a disadvantage.
2169,nhl,Yeah I can't find it anywhere anymore and i wanted to point out to a younger hockey fan how ungodly inept Burke is,Long shot but does anyone have the old Brian Burke orders a pizza joke?
2170,nhl,,This dude on insta does a lot of NHL brackets and I was wondering what you all thought was the best Vintage/Alternate Logo?
2171,nhl,,This dude on insta does a lot of NHL brackets and I was wondering what you all thought was the best Vintage/Alternate Logo?
2172,nhl,,Why do players always remove their mouth guards when they score and celebrate? It seems like they all do it? Is it just vanity? They want to look good in the highlights?
2173,nhl,,Yung Kuch with the legend
2174,nhl,,"Can r/NHL get behind a GoFundMe for disabled, former NHL defenseman Vladimir Konstantinov?"
2175,nhl,,Larry McDavid
2176,nhl,"Is it just me that thinks the way playoff hockey is officiated makes it less entertaining and watchable than the regular season. It pretty much only rewards physicality and uncalled penalties which lessens the excitement in every other aspect of the game like finesse. Not to mention all the injuries from encouraged cheap shots. Was watching the islanders bruins yesterday and it was terrible, borderline unwatchable.",Playoff hockey
2177,nhl,,Nik Ehlers holding off the scrum to protect Jake Evans.
2178,nhl,.,22[F4M] looking for someone I Wants to talk and someone wants a having somefun SC: Marianfame09
2179,nhl,"Full disclosure, I’m a Bolts fan. Yes, I hopped on the bandwagon (in 2011 so 10 years ago) when they went on a run and lost to Boston in the Conference Finals. Being a Floridian, I never really had exposure to hockey and that playoff run made me a fan of the sport. So when I hear commentators talk about games/series that can “make new fans” I feel that whole heartedly because when Stammer got smacked in the face by a puck and came back out to finish the game, I fell in love with the sport. 

With that out of the way, I notice that a TON of people hate Tampa and VGK (I hate VGK too) so I’m curious to see who fans of other teams would rather see win the cup if those 2 teams made it. Sort of a “pick your poison” type of question. The team that did some kinda shady stuff with cap circumvention or the team not old enough for Kindergarten and already has more playoff series win than teams that have been around for decades?",Bolts vs VGK Cup
2180,nhl,"I’ve tried googling it and couldn’t find anything. Maybe my google skills aren’t up to par, so I’ve come to one of the most reliable sources",Has there ever been a mid season coach during with an interim coach going on to win the cup?
2181,nhl,,New fan of the sport and I have to say I love playoff hockey!
2182,nhl,,"Ya, i Hate Boston, but i understand David Krejčí doing something after 3 crosschecks in the back"
2183,nhl,,Me and my boys while saying that ANYONE in the NHL “sucks....” 🤣
2184,nhl,,"Now THIS is a hockey game. NYI vs BOS first period has been some great, intense hockey."
2185,nhl,"How is a professional team able to manipulate IR cap rules to start a roster in the post season that is almost 20 million over the cap?  Any other sport would have so much attention and media coverage on this.... especially a championship team.   I'm over all the Tampa hype.  Tampa is garbage without a power play.  Change my mind please.  Show me statistics of this team in 5v5. Time of possession,  goals,  etc",Tampa Bay salary cap!
2186,nhl,,Just why?
2187,nhl,,Is it safe to say that Nolan Patrick is a bust yet? Or too soon since it’s his 4th season?
2188,nhl,"That or they are match fixing, this shit is a god damn embarrassment. You can't call every soft penalty, and you can't call them all against the same team. Just kills the entire spirit of competition. Please get these guys some actual training, not a two week camp.",Refs have no idea how to officiate playoff games
2189,nhl,"The NHL had 5 second round games before the first round concluded, which were all among the top 15 least watched 2021 playoff games.

The NBA only has 2 games scheduled in that format.

What do y’all think of the chance that starting the second round early decreases overall NHL popularity?","NHL/NBA playoff formats have one crucial difference, and it’s hurting NHL popularity (other than the ranking system)"
2190,nhl,,"NHL on Twitter , Tampa Bay vrs Carolina eight goals in the second period between two teams"
2191,nhl,,2021 Round 2: Playoff Discussion Board 🏒
2192,nhl,"I especially recommend for those of you who were hockey fans during the 80s and 90s, but the Documentary is very well done and would likely appeal to all fans.  Of course there's a ton of fight footage, but also some great stuff from his teammates, fellow tough guys and from his wonderful family.  For those of you who don't subscribe to Prime, the doc is also on ad supported free platforms, Tubi and VUDU.",I just watched 'Tough Guy: The Bob Probert Story' - Highly recommend - Currently on Amazon Prime US &amp; CA
2193,nhl,"Taking your best guess as to who will be protected, who would you draft from each team?",You're the Kraken GM. Who are you drafting?
2194,nhl,And the last time they won a cup was before the moon landing,Fun fact: The last time the leafs won a playoff series was before there were shootouts in the NHL
2195,nhl,What would happen if a game went on for 20hrs or something like that without a goal. Would they keep the game going until someone scored or is there a point they would have to call it off and continue overtime the next day? It's bound to happen one of these days...,Just curious about a hypothetical situation
2196,nhl,"I bought tickets from Seatgeek Yesterday with a spur of the moment kind of deal with my friends. We are in Vegas on a trip and the Golden Knights are in town. We decided to be spontaneous and get tickets an hour and a half before the game started. 

Come to find out that T-Mobile Arena uses an extra 3rd party app (AXS), and there was a significant delay getting the tickets. My tickets arrived at the end of the 2nd period, and we had already left the arena since we had no idea whether or not the tickets would arrive in the first place. There was no mention of AXS prior to getting the tickets, had we got a warning about a possible delay, we would haven’t got them. 

Just wondering if maybe someone had experienced this or something similar. I know SeatGeek is stingy with refunds, but maybe there is another way to go about this. 

(I used my Debit Card)",Possible Refund/Site Credit from SeatGeek?
2197,nhl,,Possible Refund/Site credit from SeatGeek?
2198,nhl,,“The Price is Right” Congratulations to Carey Price on his 8th career playoff shutout. Here’s my latest watercolour portrait of him. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share. 🙏🎨
2199,nhl,,HEY EVERYONE! I HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE!!
2200,nhl,,Simply amazing
2201,nhl,,Game Time tonight is 7:15? What? Never seen that before.
2202,nhl,,"Having a hard time getting into the dystopian jets Canadians series. The electricity of the isles, Canes, and avs series is beautiful. Trudeau is a dictator. Here’s to no Canadian teams in the finals. USA ! Freedom baby! I’ll take the downvotes"
2203,nhl,,"*Breaking news* Sorry Bolts, but Vasilevskiy is an Avs fan."
2204,nhl,,How Is Market Value Determined For Players?
2205,nhl,,"[TSN] In the past 25 years, all teams who won 5 straight games without trailing made it to the cup final. Are the Habs gonna pull it off?"
2206,nhl,,Nice
2207,nhl,,Petr Mrazek is a Good Guy
2208,nhl,,Nice
2209,nhl,Whats up with that flamingo or whatever it was? Is it something they do like detroit's octopus or is it a new thing?,Flamingo on ice after vgl vs avs game
2210,nhl,,VGK vs AVS Discussion
2211,nhl,"I was watching the VGK-COL game today and saw Landeskog and Soderberg talking and wondered if they would be speaking English or Swedish? I remember Ovechkin yelling at Samsonov in the first round in Russian, so clearly there is some non-English use. I wonder if any nation is more particular to reverting to their native language?",Prevalence of languages other than English on the ice?
2212,nhl,,the note Grubauer’s daughter made for him
2213,nhl,Until you realize Avs are next.,It’s all fun and games...
2214,nhl,,This is turning into a reall good game folks! 1 - 1....
2215,nhl,,This was taken today. Tampa area billboards are advertising the 2018 NHL All-Star weekend in Tampa
2216,nhl,,What REALLY happened after Mitch Marner shot the puck over the glass in Game 5 against MTL
2217,nhl,,"On a scale of 1 to America, how mad was Scheifele he missed that game?"
2218,nhl,When grubauer is 15/15 with some excellent saves and all the national broadcasters can talk about is how good pietrangelo and mark stone are,National broadcasters be like
2219,nhl,,"The Nordiques moved to Colorado 25 years ago, they never played Montreal in the playoffs, but this year might be the year we finally get to see this. Last time was 1993 … which is also when Montreal won their last cup!"
2220,nhl,"If Boston, TB, and Mtl can close out their series, three of the final four will be from the Atlantic Division",Atlantic Division Dominance
2221,nhl,,Is a Stanley Cup finals of Bruins vs Canadiens a realistic scenario?
2222,nhl,"My top 3 best
Dallas
Calgary
Nashville

My top 3 worst
Boston
Toronto
Tampa Bay
(They just copied each other’s horns)",Top 3 best/worst goal horns?
2223,nhl,"No matter who comes out of the West
And no matter who comes out of the North
The West will destroy the North

Change my mind",3rd Round Bets
2224,nhl,,🤣
2225,nhl,"Avalanche is the team to beat, I believe, and Vegas has failed twice, but hit the pipes 5 times last game. I'll go with Vegas on this one. What do you guys think?",Vegas or Avalanche tonight?
2226,nhl,If a player gets suspended for a dirty hit not only should they get suspended but if the affected player gets a concussion his team should be able to pick a player who’s AAV is the same or less to sit out till he comes back.,Mike Greenberg’s dumb rules
2227,nhl,,What a joke. Reaves get two games and Scheifele gets 4? Bettmans a p****.
2228,nhl," The games are intense now, and so of course are the the conversations. So I did a little digging today.

I visited each team subreddit to see how common it was to have a rule explicitly forbidding hate speech. A bit sad to see that less than half (14/32) of NHL team subreddits follow suit with [r/hockey](https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/) to set parameters on the language used here in Reddit sports banter.

Anyway, here is the breakdown. To qualify, a subreddit must have a rule clarifying that they will not tolerate (racist/ethnic/sexist/homophobic/transphobic) slurs, or any type of hate speech in general. There were a few subreddits that came close — arguably addressing at least spirit of the rule — but fell short of indistinguishably marking hate speech as impermissible.

Small notes on the Panthers, Wild, and Blues:

* [r/FloridaPanthers](https://www.reddit.com/r/FloridaPanthers/) forbids ""Uncivil Participation,"" detailing that there should be ""no harassing or bullying"" but does not explicitly forbid hate speech
* [r/wildhockey](https://www.reddit.com/r/wildhockey/)'s Rule #1 is titled ""No individual attacks,"" and forbids ""relentless inflammatory comments,"" but does not explicitly forbid hate speech
* [r/stlouisblues](https://www.reddit.com/r/stlouisblues/) forbids ""Trolling/Witchhunting,"" detailing that ""name-calling includes use of the word r\*tard as an insult"" (censorship mine)

Whether your team's sub does or doesn't currently have a hate speech policy, let's all try to remind ourselves to keep our insults civil. No matter which player you're targeting, there's plenty of fodder that doesn't belittle entire groups of people.",How many NHL team subreddits have rules *explicitly* against hate speech?
2229,nhl,,No sleep till Belmont: Islanders' new home arena on horizon
2230,nhl,,The Mighty Ducks Game Changers Throwback References🏑⛸
2231,nhl,,Scheifele: 4 games for decking Evans 'excessive'
2232,nhl,"Must have mod experience and knowledge of CSS

Please DM me and I will go through it with you.",Looking for a New Moderator
2233,nhl,,"“In what will become the longest summer for the Toronto Maple Leafs, there are more questions than answers on where to go from here...” Full article below!"
2234,nhl,"What gives anyone the right to involve themselves in this in the slightest? We can debate the hit all day long but anyone taking it farther needs to back tf off. 

Mark Scheifele made a mistake. Those of you contacting/bullying/etc... you've inarguably put yourself well below his level. 

Grow up. Shut up. And let the people involved do their jobs/handle their lives.",Seriously. Stop threatening Scheifele's family.
2235,nhl,,"Issue No. 5, What One of the Problems with Holtby was..."
2236,nhl,,Issue No. 5: The problem With Holtby when he played for us...
2237,nhl,,"One of my good Friends made these drawings, he is awesome at drawing! His Reddit is r/hockeydrawing101 if you wanna check him out!"
2238,nhl,,This can also apply to the NHL’s department of player safety’s rulings and hearings.
2239,nhl,I haven't been able to connect to [nhl.com](https://nhl.com) yesterday or this morning.  Anyone else having problems?,Is NHL.Com Down?
2240,nhl,,To all Vegas fans mad at that last penalty last game vs colorado ; watch this video.
2241,nhl,,The Avalanche vs Vegas tonight
2242,nhl,,"🏒🥅🤳🎓Hi NHL fans, I'm doing academic research on how social media engagement/second-screening affects NHL viewer loyalty. I'd really appreciate, if you could fill out this short survey (~5min.)👇Thanks🙌"
2243,nhl,"What is happening with the blatant dirty play this year? Playoffs are meant for hard, tough play. But some of these penalties I’m seeing are downright unsportsmanlike. I’ve watched the Leafs vs Canadiens for 25 years now and not seen this kind of vitriol. Am I just getting old?",From an older fan
2244,nhl,"I don't know how to set a flair, I'm a Bruins fan since the 70s, Dad since the 40s. Montreal owned Boston for decades, much to our despair.  

When these playoffs started I hoped Toronto would smack the Habs, but they advanced. Boston advanced too. Now there's 8 teams..

I really want Boston and Montreal to meet in the final. What an amazing series that would be.","First post here, I'm rooting for the Habs for the first time in my life"
2245,nhl,,Prospects be like
2246,nhl,,Probably True
2247,nhl,https://preview.redd.it/la9r9422m6371.jpg?width=700&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=cd3ecb916d78bb91b24882b4ab1f777bcb0cbd88,Probably True
2248,nhl,I was watching my hurricanes play at Tampa Bay today in game 3 and I noticed the ice was melting. The commentators said it was due to the hot weather in Tampa. So I wa,Ice melting in Lighting Rink
2249,nhl,"I know, that's what he does, but wow!!!!","Wow, HTF does Marchand score from there?!?!?!"
2250,nhl,,It's raining Scheifele memes...
2251,nhl,,Accidental Renaissance by Barstool Sports
2252,nhl,"Okay am I missing something. What is up with Canada going to OT with Republic of Congo? Why are they so weak? Their roster on paper seemingly looks superior to other countries, no?",Team Canada World Championship
2253,nhl,,Not even a little bit Mr. Maurice
2254,nhl,"Does anyone have NHL Centre Ice? I'm considering getting it (maybe now, maybe next season), but I'm a bit put off by the number of blackout games. Is it that bad? My local channels don't cover any games and I'd love to have a reliable way to watch games.",A question about NHL centre ice
2255,nhl,,"If it goes to a game 6, he's gonna be destroyed."
2256,nhl,,Why Is it we all cheer for the underdog? Find myself cheering for Carolina even though I don't cheer for either team??
2257,nhl,,Why he look so high?
2258,nhl,"I know this is an absolute long shot of a pipe dream, but I'm interested in hearing others thoughts on this. After seeing many players get absolutely wasted by hits of questionable legality along with just plain illegal ones, would there ever be a push to have suspensions match the length of time that a player is out for if you injure them? 

Example A: break a guys thumb with a blatant slash, he's out for 4 weeks. Offending player is suspended until the injured player is put on a game day roster.

Example B: Ol' Bert, sucker punches a kid in the back of the head and ends up breaking his neck. Kid's career is done. Bert is suspended indefinitely.

Down sides:

This would require medical proof that the player isn't sandbagging an injury, but I'd hope that these guys are enough of competitors to want back in the game as soon as they can, possibly even earlier than a normal person may go back.

I also acknowledge that accidents happen (ex: Perry smashing into Travares) so this would likely only be for already suspension worthy incidents and perhaps expanding it a bit to include penalties from incidences that remove a player from the game.

&amp;#x200B;

Thoughts?",Pipe Dream
2259,nhl,"From Tavares to Scheifele, the habs keep getting lucky. (Of course what happened to Evans was awful). So whose next to her clipped from Colorado(assuming they are next).",Could the Habs win the cup if each team keeps losing their best player?
2260,nhl,Every non Tampa Bay fan has a duty to not only Hockey but all sports to support a team that isn’t Tampa Bay Lightning from winning the cup twice so that I never have to hear about “lightning striking twice”,Every non Tampa fan
2261,nhl,,Leafs haven’t won a cup in 54 years and still have the second most cups in the history of the NHL. Doesn’t say much for the other original 6 teams. LMFAO!
2262,nhl,"Seriously, what a bunch of loser babies especially the guy that wants Mark charged with attempted murder.",Is this subreddit full of soccer fans?
2263,nhl,,Fair to me... Thoughts?
2264,nhl,,good thing he’s out for 4 games
2265,nhl,,Breaking: Mark Scheifele suspended for 4 games.
2266,nhl,,NHL Player Safety Mark scheifele 4 Game suspension
2267,nhl,"In light of recent events surrounding the Scheifele hit, I decided to get on paper my thoughts on a self-regulating supplementary discipline system. 

We spend so much time arguing the merits of a hit, trying to decide if it’s clean or dirty, whether the player is a repeat offender, yada yada yada.

I thought the best system is one which is simple and  regulates itself.  Here’s what I’ve come up with so far. (Apologies if I’ve stolen anything from elsewhere . )

Simply put, it’s an eye for an eye. If you hurt a guy, regardless of whether it’s a clean or dirty play, you sit as long as he’s out. If it’s a few games, you’re out too. If you end his career, yours is done too.

The flaw here is in the case of trading off a third or fourth liner for a Mcdavid. It’s not fair to have a non-impact player taking out a star, so the punishment is also multiplied by a factor based on salary . If I put McDavid out for a month, and I make a measly $1m per year, I’m out for a year.  It isn’t fractional in the other direction.  One to one is the lowest ratio. 

Thoughts?",A New Supplementary Discipline
2268,nhl,,Islanders vs. Bruins...literally hurts to watch
2269,nhl,,Change my mind.
2270,nhl,"I work in the ice hockey industry and what Mark Schiefele did to Evans sets us back a decade. Fucking disgusting. There is no place for that I major sports and I've had to have conversations with 6 year-old kids that came in today.

George Perros, and the entire player safety committee for the NHL should be fucking ashamed of themselves. Way to pave the way for new up and coming kids. Great job, Bettman. Great job, player safety. I now have to ensure parents their kids aren't gonna die from playing ice hockey.

George Parros as Safety leader is the worst thing that has ever happened to the sport of ice hockey.",Fuck this
2271,nhl,,You can pinpoint the moment Scheifele realized he did something duMB
2272,nhl,,"Awesome video by THG. I had always understood charging by the USA Hockey definition, not the NHL definition."
2273,nhl,,Well well well… how the turn tables
2274,nhl,,Fuck Mark Scheifele
2275,nhl,,62 NHL Scouts Attending Erie Junior Hockey Showcase
2276,nhl,,Every NHL Playoff Overtime Goal 2021
2277,nhl,"Many years ago, the NHL changed the Icing rule.  Previously, both teams race to the dumped-in puck, and if the defense gets it first it's icing.  If the offense gets it first it's live.  The NHL realized that there were a LOT of injuries resulting from this, and they changed it.  Now it's an automatic icing IF the defense beats the offense to a certain place on the ice.  That protects the **defending** player from getting absolutely hammered.  I think it's a good rule.

In my kid's minor hockey and in beer leagues, it goes further than that.  It's an automatic icing ALWAYS.  If the attacking team last touched it on their side of centre, and it crosses the opposing red line, it's automatic icing.  This protects **both** the attacking player and the defending player.  I don't know what other levels of hockey use automatic icing, but if it can prevent incidents like Evans/Scheifele, it should be worth considering.",Perhaps another rule change to icing should be implemented
2278,nhl,"I want to talk about the dirty hit by Mark Scheifele on Jake Evans on in the first game of the playoffs between the Winnipeg Jets and the Montreal Canadians. If you didn't see the hit, I suggest watching it. Spoiler alert, it might be hard to watch:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw4R900yT3g](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw4R900yT3g)

For a minute I really thought Jake Evans was dead on the ice. That we really had a case where a player died after a dirty hit on the head at full speed. The way his head turned, the way Scheifele hit him, the way Evans fell on the ice. So hard with lots of speed and momentum. I was so relieved that he was in fact still alive.

Whether Evans should have protected himself more or not is absolutely irrelevant and a totally ridiculous comment. In real life, outside the rink, this hit would be considered attempted murder. And you won't blame the victim for not protecting him/herself more. The aggressor is at fault here. Scheifele committed the crime of trying to kill Jake Evans. Period.

There shouldn't be two sets of laws in Canada. One for hockey players, and one for the rest of us. If Prime Minister Justin Trudeau had hit someone this hard in the middle of the street, chances are pretty high he would be charged for attempted murder.

At some point we have to realize these types of hits are nothing close to a sports gesture. It undermines hockey around the world. In what other sport is this considered ok to skate 200 feet and hit a guy directly on the head at full speed? None, as it should be. Scheifele totally lost it and his case should be made a clear example for the future of the league and of this sport, right here in Canada.

I would love to see a Canadian prosecutor to charge Scheifele with ""Attempted to commit murder"" under the Criminal Code. Which is a thing for all Canadians, and it should apply to hockey players as well. Otherwise, these prosecutors are all completely asleep. 

Also, the NHL is 100% responsible for this. I suggest these changes to the NHL Player Safety department, and for the Players' association to impose it to the league. It's time you guys claim your safety back. It's not normal that in 2021 you don't know if someone will try to kill you simply for scoring a goal when you hit the ice, and that he might be fined some stupid $5000 for it.

**What I would change now:**

For any dirty hit on the head, the NHL should be automatically fined 20 million dollars. This money should go to help actual and past players who have lost their careers (and a lot of money) because of symptoms of concussion, along with all the trauma, suffering and lost of salary that comes with it. 

The club at fault, here the Jets, should be fined 5 million dollars. This money should also go to help victims of dirty hits, on prevention, training, etc.

The coach at fault should be fined $500,000. Put that money in the second bank below.

The player at fault should be automatically suspended for the season, including the playoffs. A fine equivalent to 70% of his annual salary should apply.

Some would think this is quite exaggerated. Compare that to life in prison for attempted murder, and you'll quickly realize it's not that much. Also, no player would want his coach to lose $500k, his team $5 millions, waste a complete season AND the playoffs, and cash in 30% of his paycheck only. 

Dirty hits like the one on Evans ruin careers, lives, families. Many players had to leave the game early because of it. They lost tons of money in the process. They shouldn't be the only ones deeply impacted financially by this. The aggressors should get a huge fine automatically and this money should go to the victim of the hit. So this is the second ""bank"". The coach+player fines should go directly to the player victim of a dirty headshot.

Now. Anyone who read this far would say the title and intention of this post is not in line with ""fines"" from a self regulated corporation. The NHL and their representatives are not above the law after all, and they are not lawmakers. Should criminal justice be applicable under the Canadian Criminal Code? Yes, totally. Especially in cases like this one. But by elevating fines to a realistic level, so many players would calm down. Coaches wouldn't let their players play dirty anymore. The league would pressure teams, coaches, players… it would have a deep and immediate impact that would trickle down to junior hockey and elevate this sport we all love. 

You want to play dirty? Play in your garage. Hit your head on the wall I don't care. The NHL is a pro league, and it doesn't need you. It never did. Goons and dirty players have ruined this game for too long. This is 2021. This is modern hockey and the NHL needs to step up.

Meanwhile, I suggest the criminal law to be in full effect for this sport in Canada. Unless arenas are special territories where no Canadian law applies?",No One is Above the Law
2279,nhl,,Are you guys(Leafs fans) just numb to it?
2280,nhl,[deleted],PAIN is always lurking behind the Leafs
2281,nhl,,All my homies hate Mark Scheifele.
2282,nhl,,Can CBJ acquire Eichel AND Marner this off-season?
2283,nhl,Bonus points for getting the actual scrum behind him.,Can someone photoshop Ehlers onto Toby McGuire in Spider-Man when he’s holding back the train?
2284,nhl,,Habs fan just want to take a moment to recognize Ehlers for his amazing situational awareness. Heroic move here.
2285,nhl,"Skated the full length of the ice, didn’t even look at the puck, left his feet and principle point of contact was the head.

Pure intent to injure (I’m a leafs fan btw)",Anyone defending the Scheifele hit doesn’t know anything about hockey
2286,nhl,,"Fuck you, Mark"
2287,nhl,,"The NHL is so entertaining, it should get more coverage."
2288,nhl,,Winnipeg Jets forward Mark Scheifele to have hearing for hit on Montreal Canadiens' Jake Evans
2289,nhl,,😂😧
2290,nhl,,What is everyone’s favourite goal of the season?
2291,nhl,"I’ve been seeing a lot of people complaining that the draft lottery was boring this year since the only teams that swapped picks were picks 2 and 3 and there wasn’t a ton of drama. I don’t see the problem with this. The event shouldn’t be dramatic, it shouldn’t be something the league hypes up and stretches out to be a super long event. I’d much rather have a draft lottery like this every year rather than having some team that barely missed the playoffs win a top pick. Even if it didn’t benefit your team, I think we can mostly agree that this has been the most fair draft lottery in a while. The league just made some changes to how the lottery works, which all seem to be good changes, so let’s not give them the impression that these changes are bad.","The NHL Draft lottery was boring, but that’s how it should be"
2292,nhl,,"Coming soon to an ice rink near you, rated R for repulsive, repugnant and reprehensible content."
2293,nhl,,How about Gru coming up big for the Avs last night!
2294,nhl,,NHL Player Safety will Have a hearing with Winnipeg Scheifele
2295,nhl,,"Coming soon to an ice rink near you, rated R for retards."
2296,nhl,"I can’t watch dystopian hockey.  The empty crowd, the weird energy.  Something off about it.  It just makes me nauseous. The Vegas Colorado game was buzzin though! Here’s to not having Canada in the Stanley cup finals.  Trudeau is a a dictator.  Downvote me but this the summer of freedom.  USA",The Canadians Jets game ln gave me such bad vibes
2297,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nr75si)",Who’s the most hated team in hockey
2298,nhl,,Jake Evans Stretchered Off After DANGEROUS and UNSAFE Hit - Doctor Explains
2299,nhl,,Which two NHL franchises would benefit by trading their entire rosters?
2300,nhl,"This isn’t soccer. It’s a fast game, it’s meaner, and mistakes are more costly. In a split second burst of aggression and emotion, you can really hurt someone. However, players don’t always want to HURT someone. 

You are taught to take the body. At the speeds you’re playing at, sometimes a burst of excitement when taking the body can cause unfortunate things to happen, but you don’t actually mean hard. Just a good hard check. 

Quit fucking whining and posting shitty memes and commentary on unfortunate plays. Unless you’ve played the game to a higher level, you have no idea what goes on out there. 

I’m not a fan of either team, but this is just getting absolutely ridiculous. 

One post is all that’s needed. One person posts “This guy made a dirty post, and I’m mad”. Then you can all enjoy your wimpy circle jerk in one thread together.","Really sick of the “this guy did a mean thing” circle jerks, followed by 1000 of the same post"
2301,nhl,,What a stud.
2302,nhl,,Fuck you Scheifele
2303,nhl,,"Anyone else hear Anson say ""Habs vs Vegas"" instead of ""Avs""..?"
2304,nhl,[https://youtu.be/XxBL85rr0jI?t=73](https://youtu.be/XxBL85rr0jI?t=73),Good analysis of Scheifele hit on Evans
2305,nhl,"We can all agree that seeing Jake Evans on the ice knocked out cold was a scary sight and was very unfortunate. But if you put aside the emotion and bias for a minute and put all the context on the table, you’ll realize that this hit did not have malicious intent, nor was it necessarily “dirty”. Mark has no prior history of suspension nor is he known as a “dirty” player. He’s very respected amongst the league for his attitude and passion towards the game. In a one goal playoff game with your goalie pulled and a player getting the puck in your zone, you could expect any player to want to back check hard and try to get that player off the puck, whether it be body on body or stick on stick. In this case Mark chose the body and had every right to do so. He glided from the top of the circle (atleast 6-10 feet) and made the split second decision to try and knock Jake Evans off the puck with a textbook hit, shoulder in chest. Mark’s feet did not leave the ice until after contact was made, which is standard for most hard hockey hits. The puck did not end up in the net until Mark was inches away and already committing to the hit. Most players in Jake Evans position would have had the wherewithal to have their head up and brace for some type of contact as you can expect the other team to be hustling back trying to get you off the puck by any means necessary to go and try to tie the game. Evans unfortunately put himself in a very scary position and took the worst of Scheifele’s heavy hit, leading to his head hitting the ice after going airborne. Now could Mark have just let up and let him end the game? Sure, but why should he, and would you expect him too? Or maybe he should’ve just went for his stick instead? Maybe, but he had every right to go for the hit too. Hockey is literally a game of inches and split second decisions, and I think people should look at this situation with much more nuance rather than try and peg Scheifele as “dirty” or act like he had any intent to injure. It was an unfortunate play that let to an even more unfortunate injury, but I think if you really look at all the factors and put emotions and bias aside, this post shouldn’t be controversial. IMO I think Mark Scheifele should get no more than a 2 game suspension. Prayers for Jake Evans and his family, let’s all hope for a speedy recovery. What are all your opinions? Please be reasonable.","Mark Scheifele’s Hit on Jake Evans was scary, but not malicious. Opinion Thread"
2306,nhl,,"Cmon, That's a great game.."
2307,nhl,Member when Tkachuk took out Scheifele’s leg during last years play-ins and every Jets fan called that dirty? Member?,Member?
2308,nhl,,Shannon: Told that Jake Evans is at the Canadiens’ Hotel in Winnipeg. Doing fine. Alert. But shaken.
2309,nhl,,Something we can all agree on tonight
2310,nhl,"Most importantly let’s all hope Evan’s is OK. Great guy, great player.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nr4hvl)",Was Mark Sheifele’s hit:
2311,nhl,"Schieffle had two options, play the puck (the smartest hockey play he could choose) or play the body. He chose the dumber of the two and it resulted in an injury. I believe in sports you have to be able to make intelligent decisions to protect your competitors. He made the less intelligent decision and should be punished. It’s a legal hit, shoulder to chest, no jumping no elbow , but there was a more appropriate play available and in the good nature of competitive sports, you need to protect your opponents. Cuz if they are all dead, the sport doesn’t exist.",I believe the scheif hit was within the bounds of the rules but...
2312,nhl,,Oilers vs Leafs: who are the worst chokers in Canada?
2313,nhl,,Avs are lame for yelling gru after a save when Van started that with luongo
2314,nhl,,"Get well soon Jake Evans, Happy Cake Day too"
2315,nhl,Are the Av’s fans saying “Gruuuuu” whenever they make a save?,Av’s Crowd
2316,nhl,,"Grubauer- ""Wow. Looks Like I have to Show up to work today!"""
2317,nhl,Lets not start new threads for every comment on this one.,Mark Schiefele hit on Jake Evans - Mega Thread
2318,nhl,"I see lots of people on Twitter saying the hit was clean. I assume lots are trolls, but I think some people legit say this is a clean hit.

I thought at first that it isn't a hit to the head, still a dirty and suspended though. But after slowing it down and seeing it frame by frame on YouTube, I think this might be a hit to the head.

What do you think?

When viewing on YouTube it helps using the  &lt; &gt; keys, while the video is paused, to move frame by frame. The hit is very fast and it's hard to tell what happens in real time.",Is it a hit to the head? (Hit on Evans)
2319,nhl,,I'm from the future
2320,nhl,,Call the department now.
2321,nhl,,Schiefele Hit on Evans
2322,nhl,,Schiefele Hit on Evans
2323,nhl,,Military and Veterans can use the Exchange as a cable provider to watch NBC Sports for free.
2324,nhl,,I really wish my condo complex wouldn't let the fuckin dumpster overflow with garbage.
2325,nhl,,Intent to injure
2326,nhl,,This is the take
2327,nhl,,Hit everyone asking for
2328,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nr2pp2)",Should Should Schiefele be suspended for his hit on Evans?
2329,nhl,The New Jersey Devils or the Montreal Canadians and why?,What team should I root for?
2330,nhl,Don’t get how you can be this bad at scheduling games. This shit is just sad,NHL Broadcast Schedule..... atrocious
2331,nhl,,Prayers up for Jake Evans. It’s his birthday today wishing him the best. Scary hit
2332,nhl,Mark Scheifele just dropped him after the empty better.  :-(,Evans is down...
2333,nhl,,He’s been unreal so far... Habs Canadian division champion? Will Winning stop them?
2334,nhl,,Fuck you Mark Scheifele
2335,nhl,,How low will they go?
2336,nhl,,"Okay, this is far beyond insane now."
2337,nhl,,I hate to back pedal but...what is in the water in Toronto?
2338,nhl,,Is Sportsnet already counting the Jets out of this game or what?
2339,nhl,,2021 NHL Draft lottery: Sabres get top pick
2340,nhl,I’m disgusted how everyone is roasting the hell out of the maple leafs players. As if it’s not the 35 year old GM who gave 33 mil to three offensive players or the coaches that refused to change their power play strategy. I also wouldn’t not allow a crowd in the playoffs when my opponent is having crowds at their home games. It’s like getting a shorty phone and not blaming the manufacturer. Chill the fook oot boys!,In Defense of the Toronto Players
2341,nhl,"Did anyone notice how bright the Winnipeg arena is? I can barely make out the face off circles or blue lines,goal lines and centre ice. What’s with the cheaping out on a paint job?  They’d only had a week to bring it up to snuff. When they go back to Montreal they’ll see what a class act place looks like.",Too bright
2342,nhl,,Nathan MacKinnon goes Beast Mode
2343,nhl,Is it weird to be a fan of the Devils and the Canadians? And if I should root for one which team should I root for ?,Teams question
2344,nhl,It made me reflect on the Kamloops residential school tragedy much more than the moments of silence have.,Anybody else think the Canadian anthem was a very powerful statement before the Habs Jets game?
2345,nhl,,Last-place Sabres win draft lottery; Kraken get No. 2 pick
2346,nhl,Does Trudeau not care about the science?,Why hasn't Canada opened up yet?
2347,nhl,,Only team to move down. Check on your boys make sure they’re ok
2348,nhl,,The bell dilemma
2349,nhl,,Tribute post to Owen Power who has to go to this team
2350,nhl,What is this? Watch the kraken win smh,Picked the balls behind closed doors?!?
2351,nhl,"Does anybody have any links?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks",2021 Lottery Stream
2352,nhl,,"Don’t worry leaf fans we will embarrass the canes in 4 games, nobody will remember you gave up a 3-1 series lead"
2353,nhl,,Leaf are out
2354,nhl,,Closest AHL Team to every US county Map
2355,nhl,,Slap shot
2356,nhl,"Hi all.

I am looking for footage i have seen a while back of a goal in an older game where Lafleur is in a breakaway and slides through the players and at the very last second he jumps to slapshot the puck in the net.

The player is in the air, colliding with an adversary as he shoots, and it goes straight in the net. Insane goal.

It really is spectacular, someone who knows more may be able to know what goal i'm talking about. I think it's Lafleur (maybe it's Beliveau), i think it's habs versus bruins. And it's old footage.

I have seen it online a while back and i've been trying to find it for a while now and it's driving me crazy. I just can't find it.

Please let me know if that rings a bell for you. Thanks.",Looking for the recording of an old spectacular goal from Guy Lafleur.
2357,nhl,[deleted],"At the risk of beating a dead horse, how much does this playoff format suck?"
2358,nhl,"Kinda random and mostly just for fun, what if that trade were to happen in some ways in makes sense. There cap hits are identical and eichel wants out of Buffalo so the Sabers kinda have to move him. And for Toronto they might have to urge to shake up there core and adding eichel would allow them to move Tavares to the wing considering he’s getting older and generally it can be Beneficial to move older centres to the wing. Kinda like with Giroux. 

Now I’d believe that the leafs would have to pay more for Eichel than just Marner. Probably like Marner 1st and a 2nd for eichel. Seeing that Eichel is a centre and in my opinion can impact the game more and has done well in Buffalo with no talent around him(besides reinhart, olofsson,dahlin). And I believe he will do more in Toronto that what Marner is doing now. Also Marners no move clause isn’t in effect till 2023-2024 so he doesn’t have a say. And I haven’t checked to see if Eichel has a no move but let’s be honest he’ll go anywhere at this point. 

Reasons for the trade not to happen. Toronto doesn’t have a first round pick this year(traded to cbj for foligno). Next year they will most likely be in the same division (Atlantic) and generally you don’t do HUGE trades within your division. And the last point is the Nylander factor, They would most likely move Nylander seeing he’s the cheaper cap hit, and has the higher trade value per his contract compared to what Marners trade value per contract is. And what I mean by that is Nylander can fetch a fetch a decent return right now because he’s cap hit is lower than Marners, and he performed well in the playoffs as marner did not. 

Thoughts??",Marner for Eichel??
2359,nhl,,Tha wall
2360,nhl,,Who scored ZERO goals in the last two playoffs and makes over 10 million a year?
2361,nhl,,Canadiens vs Jets ronde 2- GO HABS GO
2362,nhl,,Jump on the bandwagon!
2363,nhl,,Which isn’t a lot
2364,nhl,,"Hellebuyck won the Vezina Trophy-as the best goalie last year , becoming the first goalie in Winnipeg Jets history to win the award. Here’s my latest watercolour portrait of Connor Hellebuyck which took me 23 hours to create. Hope you like it. Thanks for letting me share."
2365,nhl,Is there anyway to watch the French broadcast in the states? Like how MLB has the option to change the audio to Spanish. Or if there isn’t a direct stream is there anyone who knows what AM/FM radio station in Canada broadcast the playoff games? It’s weird I can’t find this info in web searches,French broadcast in US?
2366,nhl,,My post from 3 months ago….timing feels right!
2367,nhl,Is the altitude different playing hockey in Denver?,Altitude in Denver
2368,nhl,,Who is going to win the Stanley Cup '21?
2369,nhl,,Be the thunder
2370,nhl,,Simplistic NHL comics number 1. (NEW SERIES)
2371,nhl,"Not sure if this has been pointed out on the sub before (apologies if it has), but the conference finals matchups are, well, set like normal. We know what they're going to be, or at least, we know which division winners will match up.  


This is what the 8 teams' point totals in the regular season looked like:  


Colorado: 82 Points

Vegas: 82 Points

Carolina: 80 Points

Tampa Bay: 75 Points

Boston: 73 Points

New York: 71 Points

Winnipeg: 63 Points

Montreal: 59 Points  


As you can see, the seeding is as follows  


1. West
2. Central
3. East
4. North  


Colorado/Vegas will play Winnipeg/Montreal, and Carolina/Tampa will play Boston/NY  


Assuming Montreal loses, we will actually be able to call them the ECF and WCF. Pretty funny.",This is interesting.
2372,nhl,,Bonk
2373,nhl,"So, I just realized that Joe Thornton has lost 2 series after leading 3-1 (2004 as Boston captain vs habs,  2021 as Toronto player vs habs) and one series after leading 3-0 as San Jose captain vs kings in 2014.  So basically,  he has always choked in playoffs and leafs were doomed from the start.",Joe thornton
2374,nhl,,What players on your favorite team are most likely to be traded this offseason?
2375,nhl,,"Literally everybody: ""alright this is the best position you've been in in decades, all you have to do is win 1 of the next 3 games against one the worst team in the playoffs"" The Leafs:"
2376,nhl,,It’s been 25 years today since the Florida panthers have last won a playoff series
2377,nhl,"Mleczko continues to call players, ""this guy"" or ""he"" without first saying who she's talking about. The stammering is bad and it's like she loses her train of thought mid-sentence and then randomly says words to finish her statement. There are plenty of better commentators to use. Why do they keep coming back to her? She was bad last year and has shown little to no improvement.",Why does NBC Sports continue to use A.J. Mleczko to comment for NHL games?
2378,nhl,"I'm watching the Bolts/Canes game and the place has like 12K plus in it with no fans wearing a mask. Played don't wear them,  I don't see the wisdom of 4 people behind each bench still wearing them.","As the playoffs rage on in many cities with non-masked spectators, why are the coaches and staff the only 4 people in the building still required to wear them?"
2379,nhl,,Stephen A Smith roasts the Leafs
2380,nhl,,"When an NHL player is suspended, what are they forbidden from doing and what is allowed? Are they allowed to be in the stadium during the game? Can they practice elsewhere with the team that morning. What else? Asking for a friend."
2381,nhl,,Fairly new to NHL but a big fan of Jujhar Khaira. What’s the best way to watch replays of recent Edmonton Oiler games?
2382,nhl,"The entire front page is Leafs centric posts now.  I'm going to ask that for the next couple days we post memes and stuff in this megathread instead of continually making new posts. 

I know the Leafs are big, but its crowding out all discussion of the other 31 teams in the league.",The Leafs were Eliminated - Mega Thread
2383,nhl,,Leafs fans after Game 7 loss to Habs
2384,nhl,,Leafs fans after Game 7 loss to Habs
2385,nhl,,Hockey Is For Everyone!
2386,nhl,"Stop watching, buying Merch etc. Every other organizations fan base do this to say smarten up, we pay for it all!","For Leafs fans, if you don't like the product"
2387,nhl,,When you score a game 7 goal you tend to feel and look a little younger
2388,nhl,My votes in for vaz whos gonna take it,Vezina trophy
2389,nhl,,I can’t figure out if a Leafs fan or a Habs fan made this
2390,nhl,,Poor Toronto
2391,nhl,,Let’s get #RoastTheLeafs trending so the Maple Leafs can host a roast of the players and management so fans can spew anything and everything in their faces!
2392,nhl,,"It was a good night. Via Facebook, Nicholas Tomasso"
2393,nhl,,Reaves Suspended for only 2 Games
2394,nhl,,Let’s see whats under this mask....
2395,nhl,,"With Montreal's win, the SEMIFINALS matchup are set."
2396,nhl,,Well done.
2397,nhl,,Same old same old…
2398,nhl,,Toronto choked again
2399,nhl,,Mitch Marner avoiding the puck to dodge a check ft. Paul Marner
2400,nhl,Who are the NHL equivalent of the 1908-2016 Chicago Cubs?,If you had to pick one team...
2401,nhl,,My sincere condolences Leaf's fans...
2402,nhl,,Time to plan the parade!
2403,nhl,,Live Reaction to Game 7
2404,nhl,,Ottawa PH is savage.
2405,nhl,,Remember when Montreal fans were complaining about the refs? Pepperidge farm remembers
2406,nhl,,Toronto Maple Leafs’ 2020-21 Season To Be Captured In Amazon Prime Video’s ‘All Or Nothing’ Series
2407,nhl,"I was reading the comments on the highlights of game 7 and lot's of people were hating on the leafs, and I'm not really sure why. I've been a Toronto fan pretty much as long as I've been alive, I don't really use social media that much so I literally just found out abt all this hate towards them. Can someone elaborate on why they're hated so much?",Why are the leafs hated so much?
2408,nhl,Ha ha leaf team loses hocky amirite LOL,Leaf
2409,nhl,,Hope there's Canadian bacon and pineapple on that pizza.
2410,nhl,,Read aloud in your best Newfoundland accent and it's much more funny.
2411,nhl,,Keep dreaming
2412,nhl,,So progressive
2413,nhl,,Where are they??
2414,nhl,,Everything is starting to make sense now
2415,nhl,,As if a fourth straight first round loss isn’t bad enough
2416,nhl,,Hurricane vs Lightning. Who do you think wins?
2417,nhl,,"This one's as old as the internet itself, but still a timeless classic."
2418,nhl,,"When you're down 3-1 in the playoffs, never say never."
2419,nhl,,Gooooooaaallll
2420,nhl,,Round 2 here we are😊
2421,nhl,,New Warning On All Leaf Merchandise
2422,nhl,,The Toronto Sun is absolutely SAVAGE.
2423,nhl,,WE DID IT AGAIN!
2424,nhl,I have a guy in nhl 21 who got +2 overall points for every leafs first round win. So this was the first time ever I was rooting for leafs and it’s safe to say that I have not enjoyed anything so little as being a ”fan” of leafs for one playoff series. Watched the game 7 (started at 3am my time) just to see the peformance they had. How do diehard leafs fans really enjoy watching them lose all the time?,Leafs fans have insane perseverance
2425,nhl,"My morning scroll on Reddit has shown me that 98.7% of you all are from Canada and obviously love the fact the Leafs didn’t disappoint, yet again. But hear me out real quick…NO ONE CARES!!! 

WHENS THE LAST TIME YOUR COUNTRY HAS HAD THE LORD HOUSED IN ONE OF THEIR BARNS?! Lol 92-93 seems like a fuckin life time ago, eh?!! Y’all perform great on world stages but when it comes time to battle for the Lord himself, y’all just do the normal Canadian thing, tuck your tails between your legs and pride yourselves on that free healthcare. Lawlz.",Obviously y’all from Canada in here my gawd lol
2426,nhl,,Hevyweight Tilt in the War for the North
2427,nhl,I’ve seen plenty of brackets online saying whoever wins the North plays the Central (so TBL or CAR) but I’ve also seen they play the West (VGK or COL) and I’m very confused,I am confused
2428,nhl,"&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img 0z04q227ll271...*",When are you gonna learn?
2429,nhl,,It was 3-1 🙈
2430,nhl,,Buffalo's offer for Mitch Marner
2431,nhl,,Trying to read all the comments on all the threads about the Leafs repeated losses
2432,nhl,,a fool and his money are soon parted
2433,nhl,,"Marner for two second round picks. Tell me how he is worth anything more? Zero, zero goals in two years."
2434,nhl,lets go habs,HOCKEYS COMING HOME
2435,nhl,,Sportsnet insiders here in Canada coming in with the big OOF.
2436,nhl,,Can't wait.
2437,nhl,,NHL.com knew the outcome of the game 6 hours before the game took place?
2438,nhl,"Before the NHL playoffs began, I asked hockey fans what they would do, if they were in charge of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and they lost to the Montréal Canadiens in the first round. 

This was the result of the poll: https://imgur.com/gallery/Wja7sk8

Now that the Canadiens beat the Leafs, would you vote differently now that the series is over? Or would you stick with your original vote?

On a side note, you can see that I voted to fire Dubas and Shanahan. I still stick to that vote.

What about you?",Toronto Maple Leafs Poll Before 2021 NHL Playoffs
2439,nhl,,Eastern Canadian Teams Right Now
2440,nhl,,Savage as hell.
2441,nhl,,So many good Toronto memes. Should I upvote them all?
2442,nhl,,Big Game 7 tonight between the Leafs and the Habs. #LeafsForever Will the horror continue in Toronto?
2443,nhl,,Poor Jumbo Joe.
2444,nhl,,This $21 million/year graphic from the CBC broadcast tonight. That’s a lot of 0’s (and I don’t mean money)
2445,nhl,,Enjoy!
2446,nhl,,Montreal right now after game 7 win
2447,nhl,,:)
2448,nhl,,Oh no
2449,nhl,,Just a reminder that the Leafs collapse will be forever etched in Prime. Perhaps they’ll change the name to “All FOR Nothing”
2450,nhl,,LEAFS COLLAPSE PREDICTED ON TSN.
2451,nhl,,Uneven penalties for thug hockey
2452,nhl,,Next year
2453,nhl,,A national celebration
2454,nhl,,I would've gotten away with it..
2455,nhl,,When they told us this team was “built different”
2456,nhl,,Manny deserves to get fired
2457,nhl,,Manny knowing he’s gotta find a new job soon
2458,nhl,"Winner of west will host winner of north and winner of center will host winner of east. Avs and VGK have top points in league, Canes were 3 and Tampa were 8th, B’s were at 10th and Isles at 12th, and WPG at 14th and Habs at 18th (sorry leafs).",With the leafs out we now know the next round based on divisions regardless of who wins each series.
2459,nhl,"I think the title is pretty straight forward question, but are they going to do east vs central, west vs north. Or are they going to reseed the winners from each division, and do a 1v4, 2v3 type of deal?",Does anyone know how they are going to to the semi finals?
2460,nhl,,Just slicing the Leafs
2461,nhl,,Saving Leafs fans some disappointment...
2462,nhl,,Leafs release statement after tonight’s season ending loss to Montreal
2463,nhl,,"Discount code for Leafs fans, use ""54""."
2464,nhl,,Sorry guys it’s true
2465,nhl,,Leaf Funeral
2466,nhl,"I understand that every question will be tough when you’ve just lost, but wow. Seems kinda tasteless to be asking him about the things that he’s obviously upset about. I get that they might be happy about the habs win (as am I), but it seemed like too much.",Those were some BRUTAL questions for Jack Campbell during his interview.
2467,nhl,,3-1
2468,nhl,,18 Years everybody! 18 years!!!!
2469,nhl,,At least we still have MacKinnon
2470,nhl,,"Honestly, I think the NHL should give us an award for choking."
2471,nhl,"How can you call it ""players safety"" when you don't punish the most dangerous and malicious infections?! Pathetic.",2 game suspension to Reaves?!?! Is that a joke?!?
2472,nhl,,No one else to blame
2473,nhl,,Remember when Toronto blew a 3-1 series lead? At what point do we start talking about this being a cursed team?
2474,nhl,,550 healthcare workers in the building and they still couldn’t stop the Leafs from choking.
2475,nhl,,No more believing
2476,nhl,,Y'all think they're still together?
2477,nhl,,They lost again...
2478,nhl,Still couldn't save them from choking...,550 Front line healthcare workers in attendance for Toronto tonight
2479,nhl,,"That's German for The Bart, The."
2480,nhl,,The holy trinity
2481,nhl,,Toronto chokes once again
2482,nhl,,It’s all the effort I can muster at this point.
2483,nhl,"FML FML FML FML FML FML FML FML FML

Those FMLs above are not fuck my lives, they are FUCK MAPLE LEAFS.

I don't regret saying this.",I am from Toronto yo
2484,nhl,,#Shorts What's Going On With The Toronto Maple Leafs?
2485,nhl,,Never forget
2486,nhl,,Has anyone seen these men?
2487,nhl,,LEAFS FANS ONLY! Should we Ditch Mitch?
2488,nhl,,"So... Which one do you think hurts more? 1. To get so close to winning series you can almost feel it, but blew it in the end. 2. To get swept and never have chance in the first place."
2489,nhl,,14 off the 15 highest Cap Hit players have been eliminated from playoff contention
2490,nhl,,The tradition continues!
2491,nhl,,This is the way
2492,nhl,,Plain and simple.
2493,nhl,,When you ask Mitch Marner if he knows a guy who underperforms and is over paid
2494,nhl,"Currently the highest Cap Hit player to win a Stanley Cup is Ovechkin's 9.54M in 2018 
.#BigCapsLoseCups",14 off the 15 highest Cap Hit players have been eliminated from playoff contention
2495,nhl,,Leafs blow a 3-1 series lead
2496,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/npizui)",As a Leafs fan I will be off NHL Reddit for the next 3 weeks
2497,nhl,"I bought a vpn just to watch Steve tonight. I hope he does give up on the leafs. That way he can concentrate on the NHL as a whole. I'd love for him to pick a random national game to do the watch party. No bias, just a few laughs. Dude is too entertaining to be stuck on the leafs.",A take on Steve Dangle
2498,nhl,,Nuff said...
2499,nhl,,"As a Leafs fan, this would have been easier to stomach, to be honest."
2500,nhl,,The Inevitable!!
2501,nhl,,How many people’s playoff brackets did the Habs just screw up?
2502,nhl,,Made this
2503,nhl,,This aged like fiiiiine wine.
2504,nhl,,Maple Leaf fans be like….
2505,nhl,,Toronto chokes again😂
2506,nhl,,Oof leafs fans u good
2507,nhl,,A Summary Of Tonight's Game.
2508,nhl,,My bracket was severely mis seeded but at least I was smart enough to know that regardless how it was played Toronto wouldn't make it out of the first round and the Habs would.
2509,nhl,,congrats to the toronto maple leafs!!!
2510,nhl,,I need a new team. After decades of failure and heartbreak I just can’t do it anymore. Send me your pitches cuz I can’t handle being a Maple Leafs fan a second longer.
2511,nhl,,Maybe next year???
2512,nhl,,17 year streak still standing
2513,nhl,,I'm concerned for his safety.
2514,nhl,,As if there was ever a doubt
2515,nhl,"Ah man, Toronto is back at it, losing game 7s and they had a stacked team.",Leafs blow a 3-1 series lead!! 😂😂😂
2516,nhl,,lol leafs
2517,nhl,,Guys. Really?
2518,nhl,"Open to any and all suggestions. The leafs have broken my heart too many times, my doctor has prescribed a new team.","Hey guys I am a 26 year Leafs fan, currently looking for a new team. What are some reasons I should join your teams fan base?"
2519,nhl,,Matthew’s wants out!
2520,nhl,,"Me, sitting at home"
2521,nhl,,"toronto maple leafs loses for the fourth time in the first round, PEOPLE ON REDDIT:"
2522,nhl,,Oldie but a goodie.
2523,nhl,Gave kadri 8 games and JOKINGLY gives reaves 2 games for what nonesense he did when being down 6-1…. The NHL wants Vegas to win the cup so badly,George parros is a clown
2524,nhl,,I knew it!
2525,nhl,"That's it, all year long we had to hear about the monster stats they were putting up in the worst division in the history of the league.

And as always, they can't win when it matters.",Matthews and McDavid are eliminated.
2526,nhl,,Me upon hearing the Leafs couldn't make it out of round 1 again
2527,nhl,,That's so 2013
2528,nhl,,There’s no wind in Toronto…
2529,nhl,,Number of Habs playoff wins vs the Leafs this year:
2530,nhl,,Think I'll just leave this right here...
2531,nhl,,Yet another choke
2532,nhl,,Well...didn't see that one coming...
2533,nhl,,If you look closely you can actually pinpoint the exact moment their heart breaks in two
2534,nhl,,Leafs round 1 streak is old enough to drive
2535,nhl,,✌️ maple leafs.
2536,nhl,How many clinching games in a row have they lost?,They blew it lol 😅😅😅
2537,nhl,title says it all,Sacre Bleu! Les Canadiens!
2538,nhl,,LEAKED: Toronto’s 2021/2022 new logo
2539,nhl,"3 minutes shy of blowing 3-1 series lead and not moving onto the second round again!!! I just love it, I’m so sorry Toronto fans. I truly have nothing against you, I just find this hilarious.",I am so excited for the Toronto memes
2540,nhl,"Welp, every team I like to watch has been eliminated or never even made the playoffs. So now, which series is the best to watch as a neutral fan?",Best playoff series for a neutral fan?
2541,nhl,,"Another chance to close a series, another trip in the time loop."
2542,nhl,,Oh Leafs…oh noooo.
2543,nhl,,Y’all wanna have fun? Hop onto r/leafs.
2544,nhl,Yeah that’s about it.... standing on his head is an understatement for how he’s playing,Carey Price is not human
2545,nhl,"Do you think player quality should be taken into account when determining the length of suspension? 
 
My first thought is no it shouldn't. Equal punishment for equal misconduct. But an equal length suspension isn't always an equal punishment. Consider this:
Player A is  top-6, makes $8M, play 20mins per game. Player B is bottom-6, in and out of the line-up and only plays half of season, makes $800k, and plays 10mins per game. Both players have a history of suspensions, commit a similarly offense, and receive a 10 games suspension (let's call it an even 1/8 of the season). Player A will forfeit $1M, and miss 200mins of ice time. Team A will have lost a top-6 player and replaced him with a bottom-6 for 10games. Player B will forfeit $100k and miss 50mins of ice time. Team B will have lost a bottom-6 player and replaced him with an equal caliber player for 5games. 

Is an equal suspension still an equal punishment when the players aren't equal? What are your thoughts?",Thoughts on suspension lengths
2546,nhl,,No racism in hockey
2547,nhl,,Sad but true
2548,nhl,"And the Leafs choke yet again.  What’s worse is that losing doesn’t seem to bother these guys.  No one gets pissed about it.  This team has zero heart.  This didn’t need Tavares, they needed a character/heart type player.  Someone like Gallagher, Merchant, etc.",Toronto
2549,nhl,"He's a danger to all opponents, including his teammates. Kick this bum out of the NHL already",Ryan Reaves is a dangerous player and should not be allowed to play in the NHL
2550,nhl,,Refs tonight
2551,nhl,,My votes
2552,nhl,"Okay so I’m an avalanche fan, but the hit he put on Janmark looked pretty brutal. The guy could easily miss the rest of the series with a concussion. Again, I don’t really know what’s considered a clean or dirty hit, nor do I know Graves’ intention, but hitting a guy to the head with your shoulder seems pretty dirty.","Novice hockey fan here, did Ryan Graves not have something coming to him?"
2553,nhl,"So in NHL 21, all 3 of Shane Wright, Brad Lambert, and Matt Savoie have MED Elite potential. I know Wright is the best of the bunch so I upgraded that to HIGH Elite for him and the others still have MED Elite. I am wondering if, based on what I have been reading on all 3 of them, I should make more changes like Wright being MED Franchise (McDavid is HIGH Franchise) and Lambert and Savoie HIGH Elite or if I should just leave it as is. Same thing goes for Connor Bedard who I bumped up to HIGH Elite. I want to know so I can make changes to the roster, but also so I can know just how good these guys are so I can get hyped for the 2022 Draft. Thanks! :)","How Good are Wright, Lambert, and Savoie"
2554,nhl,"Canada, US, World..
What do you think about the best 2 teams squaring off after game 1..",Want to hear your thoughts about Avs vs Vegas
2555,nhl,"A friend and I had a bet on which team gets further in the playoffs. Assuming team A gets swept, and team B loses in game 7 who got further in the playoffs?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/npg9lm)",Settle a bet
2556,nhl,"I’m Ukrainian, and obviously don’t know a lot about old-school NHL players. 
Currently I work as a gen. manager in moving company and I did a in-home estimate  for some Mr. Mike. I realized who it was only after I left his house and googled his name. 
The thing is, my first question after he opened the door was :”Should I take my shoes off?”. And I got a kinda weird 0.1sec look at myself.  I’m glad he didn’t smack my face like in 1979.",I’ve met Mad Mike Milbury
2557,nhl,,Remind me! 3 hours.
2558,nhl,,Canada is now “closed “come back after 10 PM
2559,nhl,,Reaves suspended for 2 games.
2560,nhl,,Let the game begin
2561,nhl,,Who you got for tonights game!? This seemed pretty accurate!
2562,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/npf0al)",Pre game prediction. Whos gonna win game 7
2563,nhl,"I'm excited, I'm going to just try to enjoy the game and now worry about the frustrating parts LOL

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/1fign38wyi271.jpg?width=720&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=0fcc63019912c621371195a11b4f8f333498bd64",It's hockey night
2564,nhl,,This would be insane (via albyox on Twitter)
2565,nhl,Who do you want to win cuse even tho I live in Toronto I’ve hated leafs for awhile so I’m on the habs for thsi,Could leafs do it tonight after like 16 years
2566,nhl,,Hopefully they won't be necessary
2567,nhl,,Habs in 7
2568,nhl,,It’s not looking good right now
2569,nhl,"Asking to settle a disagreement with a co worker. And ya know if you've been following it's game 7 for these guys coming up

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/npb69y)",Which team's fan base is more toxic?
2570,nhl,"Hi Guys, 

Since Draisaitl regularly features in the German sports press I watched some Oilers Highlights and I really liked it. So I started watching this year's World Cup and I'm starting to really really like it. 

But since I never watched a NHL Game in Full (Will start with it as soon as possible) I have some questions

How good are the German players? 
I guess Draisaitl is good, cause otherwise the German sports media would take notice. But how good is he? Is he a franchise player or just a really good role player. 

And how good are the other Germans. From what I gathered from the press Kahun and Rieder are the best players behind Draisaitl. Are they key pieces in their teams? 

And how about the rest? Anything noteworthy there? 

Is there a comparable player to LeBron James in the NBA? And could it be that ICE Hockey is not as superstar driven as Basketball and Soccer?

And what NHL Team should I choose to support?
Also what Team should I love to hate? 

Thanks in advance !",New fan with some questions regarding (German) players
2571,nhl,,Q&amp;A: Robin Bawa on the journey that made him the first South Asian NHLer
2572,nhl,,TML fans be like...
2573,nhl,,It’s coming
2574,nhl,,Commissioner Bettman Upholds Eight-Game Suspension Assessed to Colorado’s Kadri
2575,nhl,"Hello!

In case you didn't know, tonight Toronto and Montreal will play each other in their first Game 7 of a Stanley Cup playoff game in a million years.

Tonight I'm hosting a Zoom event to stream &amp; watch tonight's game with family who are scattered across Canada: my dad, brother, and various cousins and others in the family.  Some are *ardent* Leafs fans.  None are Habs fans.  I'm a - *gulp* \- Senators fan.

With Zoom we'll all yak to each other while watching the game, like we're all in the same rec room.  My request for you kind folks: **do you have any PG-13 zingers / jokes / short stories that could spice up the Zoom viewing event?  Any ideas to bug Leafs fans, in particular?**

Given the advanced age of some of my family members, older references are welcomed.  For example, my dad will laugh at anything disparaging about Harold Ballard.

*EDIT: my request is simply to make my family Zoom call more fun.  I'm not a Leafs fan, but I don't mean to turn this post into an anti- anything.*

I'm also interested in streaming short YouTube videos of moments from great games in the past, or commercials from back in the day.  So **if you have any suggested links to those I'd be grateful.**

Thanks in advance everyone!",IDEAS REQUESTED for jokes to bug Leafs fans in my family during Zoom viewing party this evening
2576,nhl,,Overkill 100
2577,nhl,,Game 7 let’s go!
2578,nhl,,Evander on Ryan Reaves
2579,nhl,"Stanley Cup champion with Montreal and 9th all time on the NHL PIMs list Chris ""Knuckles"" Nilan talks about the code in hockey following the Wilson incident with the Rangers, the Foligno/Perry fight, and Reaves fiasco  


[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUV5oYYbSdI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUV5oYYbSdI)","Chris Nilan talks about ""The Code"" in hockey"
2580,nhl,,Here are some of the greatest underdog moments in NHL history!
2581,nhl,,Listen here wise guy
2582,nhl,,Ontario allows 550 vaccinated healthcare workers to attend Game 7
2583,nhl,"Hey hockey fans around the world of reddit! 

Been watching videos this morning about potential trades for Jack Eichel and I was wondering...

What do YOU guys think?? Where does he go and for what and all that Jazz. 


Ps: please be respectful, i dont want this post to become the birthplace of a hate crime",Lemme hear them trade offers for the Ol' Jack
2584,nhl,,"Last nights Vegas vs Colorado game in a nutshell, lol."
2585,nhl,,"Arguably the biggest Game 7 in the modern NHL era goes tonight. Not only Original 6 Rivals, but Canadian Rivals. Two very vocal fanbases both want bragging rights. I’ve also included pics of playoff trees from the last time each team made it past round 1. Who ya got?"
2586,nhl,,It’s only game. Why you have to be mad?
2587,nhl,,NHL working on Canadian quarantine exemption for Stanley Cup playoffs: reports
2588,nhl,,Leafs fans waking up today like
2589,nhl,,Link to a Minor League Hockey discord.
2590,nhl,,Am I the only one who doesn’t see the AVS losing one game in their run?
2591,nhl,,When five players get 10 minute misconducts
2592,nhl,[deleted],Then Ryan should never see an sheet of NHL ice again 🤦
2593,nhl,,The Avalanche vs Vegas tonight
2594,nhl,,Tom Wilson watching Ryan Reaves
2595,nhl,"I've never seen that, I thought a 10 min major just sent the player to the dressing room and someone else just served the other 2 minutes for instigating or whatever.",A 10 minute powerplay?
2596,nhl,,Well that’s a power play
2597,nhl,,Ryan Reaves is trash. Change my mind.
2598,nhl,"Absolutely clown behavior. Don’t know how he plays again. This is the playoffs yes, this is not a hockey play at all. When is the league going to do something?","Ryan Reeves is a joke, if he plays another game this year I’m boycotting the league."
2599,nhl,Trash for punching a guy while hes face down on the ice.,Reaves is a pos
2600,nhl,When I first heard about Ray Emery‘s death it wasn’t as big of news of Kobe Bryant of course Kobe Bryant was a lot more famous and it begs the question why can’t the NHL have bigger celebrity superstar players of course we have Wayne Gretzky and Alex Ovechkin but sometimes I wonder why can’t NHL players be as famous in NBA players is that saying something that hockey is just not popular at all,Could ray emery could’ve been as famous as Kobe Bryant .
2601,nhl,,Nate Mac wondering what High school team the Aves are playing right now...
2602,nhl,"Flush him!

He cares about one thing - himself.  Nice to see this happen to him AGAIN. 

Piece of gawbage!",Lehner is a real turd!
2603,nhl,"I know that the NHL is reseeding the final four, where the highest seed will play the lowest seed regardless of division, and the second highest seed will play the second lowest seed. However, what happens if the same seed makes it to the final four?

For example, say Colorado and Toronto (lmao) make it to the final four, and lightning and Bruins make it? That would be two 3 seeds and two 1 seeds. Will it go off of regular season points, or will there be some other way of sorting it out? I can’t see any other way other than points tbh...",Question about final four playoff seeding...
2604,nhl,,Praying to the hockey gods for a 7 game series for this one
2605,nhl,As a Blues fan i'm rooting hard for the lightning to win the cup back to back,Rooting hard for the Lightning
2606,nhl,,Habs got nothing to lose. Pressure’s on the leafs. Game 7 baby
2607,nhl,"Like, is it in the rules or can you theoretically slide around in sneakers?",Do you have to wear skates in hockey or is it simply suggested?
2608,nhl,,"As a Leaf fan, I can tell you that if we don’t win game 7, this is by far the most embarrassing, humiliating loss in the 100 year history of our franchise."
2609,nhl,,Hey look who just injured me and beat the shit out of the guy who defended me. A true villain.
2610,nhl,,Welcome to the club Toronto
2611,nhl,I'm from England and recently got into the NHL game and wanted to get into watching it and all that. Just thought I'd support the maple leafs since I used to live in there. How are they viewed by fans of the NHL? Like are they generally disliked or seen as glory hunters etc,How are the Toronto Maple Leafs generally viewed by other teams fans
2612,nhl,,maple leafs right now:
2613,nhl,I think it’s pretty cool that some of the two greatest players of all time were born on the same day.,Did anyone else know that Patrick Roy and Mario Lemieux were born on the same day?
2614,nhl,,ok fifa
2615,nhl,,Winnipeg just having a grand old time.
2616,nhl,,I brewed a Shutout-Weißbier to keep the goals clean. (Name's a german pun)
2617,nhl,,Need help ID’ing signed puck.
2618,nhl,,Winnipeg fans watching the habs take it to game 7
2619,nhl,"Hello, I have 2 jerseys without a name and number. Would anyone know a place that can customize a jersey? Has to be in Canada!",Nhl jersey customization
2620,nhl,,KK rules
2621,nhl,,Habs OT performance this year
2622,nhl,,Evander Kane: NHL star calls on white athletes to speak against racism
2623,nhl,,What a team
2624,nhl,,When you can’t beat Price with a clear shot.
2625,nhl,,"IF YOU OR A LOVED ONE HAS BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH MESOTHELIOMA, YOU MAY BE ENTITLED TO FINANCIAL COMPENSATION!"
2626,nhl,,"Watch this League, you can pinpoint the exact moment his heart breaks in half"
2627,nhl,,Winnipeg is going to be ridiculously well rested by the time this is over.
2628,nhl,,Some of you right now
2629,nhl,,Some of you right now
2630,nhl,"Howdy! Please delete it not allowed. 

I’m a college kid raised and currently living in SE Texas. I’ve recently gotten into hockey and are in need of finding a team to pledge loyalties to. My family and I have a grudge against anything to do with Dallas, so the Stars aren’t an option. I’m looking for a team with a good fan base, fun seasons, and cool jerseys. History isn’t of huge importance. I’m debating between three teams. 

Seattle Kraken: I’ll get to be a part of the original fan base, but they may not have a good season for a while

Minnesota Wild: I’ve heard they’re a decent team with a good fan base. My uncle played hockey up here for a few years 

Edmonton Oilers: they’re a historic team, and my dad’s family is all from Saskatchewan and PEI, so I have ties to Canada. 

I’d love to hear y’all’s educated opinions on these teams, or suggestions of alternatives. Thank you so much!",Help Choosing a Team
2631,nhl,,Montreal beats Toronto...
2632,nhl,,Game 7!
2633,nhl,,Leafs fans right now
2634,nhl,,Guess which folder is empty...
2635,nhl,,Ça va brasser à Toronto
2636,nhl,,They do realize there is a 7th game right? It’s not over yet
2637,nhl,,I don't have words
2638,nhl,Wonder how hard Dougie Ford is going to try to change all his COVID reopening phases to allow 2501 fans on Monday.,Give it up to having live fans in Montreal
2639,nhl,,"Leafs can’t close a car door, get ready for game 7!"
2640,nhl,HNIC had this segment a few years ago woth two guys who would talk about social media posts about hockey. They would sit with a screen between then. I can't remember their names or the segment for the life of me!,What were the names of the guys who hosted a segment on hockey night on canada about social media information?
2641,nhl,,"Top Starting line up the modern era, go!"
2642,nhl,"Sorry Buffalo, next year though(and go Bills)",Adams Division doing pretty good in these playoffs
2643,nhl,,What Willy Said to Marner in the Penalty Box
2644,nhl,,Matthews and marner interview after tonight’s loss
2645,nhl,"Sorry if already posted, but has a table been created to show an average  amount of time that has been allocated to each team for their choice to challenge a play eligible for review ??",2020/2021 NHL team review times
2646,nhl,How are the Leafs leading this series? this is the sloppiest hockey game I've ever seen played,Toronto @ Montreal
2647,nhl,,Send a defibrillator. Or Liquor. Or both. Sweet Jesus.
2648,nhl,,What jersey should I buy next?
2649,nhl,,Canadian fans are back live in Montreal. The fans sing the Canadian national anthem
2650,nhl,"So, back in 2017 there was a lot of talk about the Senators running the 1-3-1 trap. Ive noticed the islanders also run a trap but are typically defensive minded in a 1-2-2. I haven’t watched a lot lately, and i know its dependent both on lines and its changes through a game, but does anyone know which teams are typically using which forechecking configurations?",Forecheck thoughts 2021 Playoffs
2651,nhl,,How the heck can 20 something year old afford a $5000.00 ticket for a Habs game? Asking for a friend..🤷‍♀️🍿
2652,nhl,,"There's vomit on my sweater already, John's spaghetti."
2653,nhl,,Seeing my NHL scriptable is sad
2654,nhl,,I predict the Stanley Cup final will be between the Avalanche and Hurricanes. What about you?
2655,nhl,,TIL This Was a Thing
2656,nhl,,"Playoff seeding: I have a question about the NHL playoff seeding. it looks like the North Division will play the West, and East vs Central. Was this carved in stone or was it determined by seeding? Can it change depending on which team advances?"
2657,nhl,,So the NHL website announced Vegas moving onto the next round well before the game was over... I took this screenshot of it after the first period. NHL rigging series?
2658,nhl,,Just a quick reminder for all of you Edmonton Oilers fans!
2659,nhl,"There’s only 2 games today - why not start the second game, you know, after the first one ends. I feel like the NHL has been doing this for years — why?",Playoff Puck Drop 30m Apart
2660,nhl,,What’s the hold up with releasing the rest of the 2nd Round schedule?
2661,nhl,,When I saw Jack’s emotional interview after breaking the record I had to paint him. Here’s my latest watercolour of Jack Campbell. Tonight will be the biggest game of his career &amp; I wish him all the best! Hope you like and I hope he can see this artwork. Thanks for letting me share.
2662,nhl,,That seals the deal. I am no longer a wild fan. This team is a pure and utter embarrassment to the state of Minnesota. I officially will not be renewing my plan next season nor will I watch on tv ever again. Im going to Philadelphia where they know how to run a dynasty
2663,nhl,,Girlfriend promised to get naked on this sub if the Knights won...anyone interested?👀
2664,nhl,,Flashback to when Joe joined the leafs
2665,nhl,,All I want for my cake day is a W!
2666,nhl,I’m trying to find some video of players in the defensive zone who have broken their stick and play in instead of getting a new stick. Is there any easy way of doing this? Thanks in advance!,Help finding video
2667,nhl,,Knights advance to meet Colorado in round two! Who’s moving on in the West Division?
2668,nhl,The golden knights have finished a series at home with a W for a HISTORIC first.,Historic
2669,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nnenhj)",Who is going to win the Stanley Cup?
2670,nhl,,Can someone make a Kaprisov-Capri Sun meme please
2671,nhl,"Watching the Vegas vs. Minnesota  game 7, the refs are hot garbage! I understand ""let them play"", but for fuck sake, when a guy takes a high stick that draws blood, and no call? Come on .",Refs are hot garbage
2672,nhl,I was wondering how i would go about contacting brent johnson i won a hockey stick signed by him and several other professional hockey players when he played for the worcester ice cats back in 1999 when i was a kid. My dad just recently passed away and not looking for a sob story just was wondering if hed buy the stick back from me so i can get an apartment. If not gunna have it appraised,I need to get a hold of st louis blues goalie brent johnson
2673,nhl,"Continued expansion of the league is inevitable, though it could be a while before it actually happens.  What cities will most likely see NHL teams?","If you had to guess, what are the two or three cities mostly likely to get NHL teams in the coming years?"
2674,nhl,,"Enter to win an authentic Evgeni Malkin jersey signed by none other than the Art Ross, Hart Trophy, and Conn Smythe winner, and 3-time Stanley Cup champion himself!"
2675,nhl,"Shut up for like five fuckin seconds. Doing your stupid shout-talk non-stop after a goal so we can’t hear the arena go nuts or anything. We know you know everyone and their Moms, literally you know who their Moms are, but no one fuckin cares. Shut up and let us enjoy this amazing game.",Jesus Pierre
2676,nhl,"I’m interested if anyone has done any statistical analysis on whether you should play without a stick or go get a new one when yours breaks in the defensive zone. I always yell at the tv to go get a stick. Players are all but useless when they don’t have a stick. A great PP will score 1 out of 4 chances. That’s 1 goal for every 6:01-8:00 of 5 on 4. Unless there is something I don’t know, it seems worth it to just go to the bench to get a stick which takes 5 seconds tops.",Get a new stick or play without one after breaking in defensive zone?
2677,nhl,,"You’ve Heard of Connor McRegularSeason, Now Get Ready For:"
2678,nhl,,Why are healthy hockey players using sniffing salts before the game? Is this a well known secret? Camera couldn’t cut away fast enough.
2679,nhl,,"Just Googled ""NHL Teams"" to check something... What is this about?"
2680,nhl,,"Just Googles ""NHL Teams"" to check something. What is this about?"
2681,nhl,,POV: you're a VGK fan three hours from puck drop of game 7
2682,nhl,fuck the knights,LET'S GO MINNESOTA
2683,nhl,,ESPN's coverage has been hilarious
2684,nhl,,Tampa Bay Lightning security asking an11 year old and his father to remove their Panthers jerseys!!
2685,nhl,,[Canes] just got blocked by the Predators on Twitter.
2686,nhl,,About time...!
2687,nhl,,Nick S &amp; Cole C vs Austin M &amp; Mitch M
2688,nhl,,Tamoa bay won't let 11yo boy wear Panthers jersey. How is this allowed?
2689,nhl,,"After the Past Week, it’s Worth Reminding Everyone to Refresh your First Aid Training"
2690,nhl,,At least Montreal won...
2691,nhl,"My old highschool teacher is from Muskegon originally and she saw me wearing a hockey jersey one day and asked if I knew who Justin Abdelkader was and I said ""yeah of course! He plays for the Red Wings!"" (mind you this was back in like 2016) and she responded ""I was his babysitter when he was really young, we're both from Muskegon."" From that day on I thought she was the coolest teacher. I couldn't remember the specifics of how she knew his family but her last name back then was Thomas. I wonder if Justin Abdelkader could confirm this story.",My high school teacher was Justin Abdelkader's babysitter
2692,nhl,"Round 1 is coming to an end for everybody except Leafs and Canadians tonight so, which division looked strongest in round 1? Bonus points if you comment a team.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nn3d7z)",Make your pick: Which Division wins the cup?
2693,nhl,,Anybody else hear that?
2694,nhl,"01:15 PM

🔴 Live NOW &gt;&gt; 👉: [http://matrix.insidethegames.live/nhl.php](http://matrix.insidethegames.live/nhl.php)",Latvia - Norway NHL World Championship LIVE 2021
2695,nhl,,Not even a Pen's fan...
2696,nhl,"01:15 PM

Denmark vs. Belarus - Ice Hockey World Championschip 2021

🔴 Live NOW &gt;&gt; 👉: [http://matrix.insidethegames.live/nhl.php](http://matrix.insidethegames.live/nhl.php)",Ice Hockey World Championschip 2021
2697,nhl,,Carolina Hurricanes are savage.
2698,nhl,"Why? He was basically a FA halfway through the season, and instead of trying to predict what team WOULD be good, he got to go to a team that WAS good, and while most people were making fun of his signing decision, he knew that Buf would have a firesale during the trade deadline.","This Has Probably Been Said 1000 Times But, Taylor Hall's Decision To Sign In Buf Was Very Smart"
2699,nhl," I bought it to watch playoffs. Its good on PS4. But what pisses me off is thing when commercials are on. Before that ""Commercials break"" I have to see THE SAME 20 seconds clips - TOP Saves presented by NHL TV and TOP Cellys by NHL TV. Every game the same clips, every commercial break the same clips. This is what I pay for? They cant at least prepare several clips like best goals or funny situations? No, they cant. Two god damn clips. When you hear and see this 80th time in 3 games, you cant be happy. 

Thanks for reading.

NHL TV is sh...",NHL TV is so poor thing
2700,nhl,,Tampa Bay Lightning Arena Won’t Allow Father and Son to Wear Opposing Team’s Jersey
2701,nhl,,😂
2702,nhl,"09:15 AM

&amp;#x200B;

2021 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship – Sweden vs Great Britain 

🔴 Live NOW &gt;&gt; 👉: [http://matrix.insidethegames.live/nhl.php](http://matrix.insidethegames.live/nhl.php)",IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship – Sweden vs Great Britain
2703,nhl,,Gordie and Wayne!
2704,nhl,,Gord!
2705,nhl,,The Disrespect Is Real
2706,nhl,,Hurricane vs Lightning. Who do you think wins?
2707,nhl,,"It ain't over until the bell rings, the horn blows, or the fat lady sings."
2708,nhl,,Chasing the cup
2709,nhl,,"Anyone who wants to say the refs aren’t for the Leafs, 1,2,3,4,5,6 Leafs clear as day on the ice, no delayed penalty, and the ref sees it. There’s no debates."
2710,nhl,,She is trying to guess Minnesota's NHL team name! Too funny
2711,nhl,,No title needed
2712,nhl,"Me and my buddy were having a drunken discussion about if Malkin is a Hall of Famer. He said yes, I said no. What’s y’all opinions?",Is Evgeni Malkin a Hall of Famer
2713,nhl,,It will be the battle of the weather in round two in the Central Division.
2714,nhl,,Saros. Saros. Saros. YOU SUCK! IT’S ALL YOUR FAULT! IT’S ALL YOUR FAULT!
2715,nhl,"Mr. PM, is it possible for you to allow your amazing playoff hockey teams to play their games in the closest US cities to them?

I’m sure all of the hockey fans in the whole of North America would appreciate a bit of roar in the stands during your boys quest for the cup!

Sincerely, 
Disappointed TV fan watching “silent film” NHL hockey from Canada.",Dear PM Justin Trudeau!
2716,nhl,,Glad to see at least one Leaf enjoyed themselves tonight. Cheers!
2717,nhl,,Made An Away Jersey Version Of My Last Wallpaper
2718,nhl,,"One shot, tip, deflection could mean either the series is over or the series is going to Game 7. Canes and Preds fans, how are you feeling about Overtime in Game 6?"
2719,nhl,,Guy get #1 play on SC then makes a Pink Whitney song...kinda sick tbh
2720,nhl,,Haula for a dolla
2721,nhl,I watched the islanders game online and the fans seem electric. What’s everyone’s opinion on the loudest arena as of now? (2021 playoffs),Loudest arena in the playoffs
2722,nhl,,Why are us fans like this?
2723,nhl,,Just a prediction. I was happy I get to see some more of this series. It has been the most exciting so far.
2724,nhl,"Here's another no effort meme after tonight's game.

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/g7ac9mpbpr171.png?width=598&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=cf569e40ad7dc5520f8ed0e08ed015f3f5d38e3b",In response to that no effort Dead Sea Montreal fans meme
2725,nhl,"Hello everyone, hope you guys can help me out.
So with the NHL Playoffs going on I thought it would be a good time to try to get back into watching Hockey. Not to my surprise, I have no clue who most of the players are and what matchups are exciting. For context I’m from Michigan and haven’t watched the NHL since 2010/11 ( I am 21 rn btw) and now the Red Wings are god awful (from what I understand by looking at the standings and score updates this past season).

What I’m asking for is who are the big names now in hockey (besides Crosby) and what are some storylines I should look out for next year(s)? Any good pages (reddit, IG, YT, Twitter) that I should look into? Thank you all for your help, obviously I’m not going to know everything there is to know (prospects, potential contenders, etc.) from this one post but I thought I should start somewhere.

#LGRW",Getting back into NHL
2726,nhl,,Tampa Bay Lighting security asking an 11 year old and his father to remove their Panthers jerseys
2727,nhl,,Did you know that...
2728,nhl,,A star wars and hockey crossover meme
2729,nhl,Is interference not a penalty anymore? Every single time a fwd chips it into the zone or its dumped in by someone else the defence clearly interfere and hold up the attacking fwds which used to be interference I’m just wondering why or when they stopped calling that,Interference penalties???
2730,nhl,,"Sorry if this has already been asked as I've never been overly successful searching reddit but what was wrong with what Ron Maclean said regarding the ""tarps off"" comment. Tarp off was always, for me at least, going skin's in a basketball game."
2731,nhl,,10 years later: A void in Atlanta after loss of Thrashers
2732,nhl,,No racism in hockey
2733,nhl,[removed],"Opinion: It’s ‘The Code’ of the NHL, and it has no cure for stupid"
2734,nhl,"[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice\_hockey\_at\_the\_2022\_Winter\_Olympics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice_hockey_at_the_2022_Winter_Olympics)

&amp;#x200B;

Canada

Usa

Finland

Czech

Sweden

Germany

Russia

China

Switzerland

&amp;#x200B;

Is all automatically qualifed in. But should it really be like this? Should not even the big nations have to qualifty in qualification tournaments?

And why are a nation like Sweden automatically qualifed when they are not even top 10 in the world? if  we gonna have atuomatically qualifcation then it should be for the best teams.","Olympics 2022, should the qualification system be changed?"
2735,nhl,"Instead of Bettman's proposed 24-team tournament, let's get all 32 teams involved in a World Cup-style tournament!  For those unfamiliar:

* Seed every team into pools of 8 based on current standings (1-8; 9-16; 17-24; 25-32).

* Draw one team from each pool into one of eight groups.

* Group Stage play = round robin, for NHL I would suggest playing every team in the group twice (6 games each).

* No OT Losses – one overtime period followed by shootout in Group Stage; ongoing overtime periods until a winner is decided in bracket stage.

* Top two teams from each group make it to bracket stage (highest advancing seed plays lowest advancing seed…)

* Round of 16 = best of 5 series; best of 7 series after that.

* Bettman’s proposal = 84 – 145 games

* World Cup-style = 148 – 185 games

EDIT:  I'm an idiot.  NHL doesn't have 32 teams yet!",A Better Stanley Cup Playoff Suggestion (2020 only)
2736,nhl,,Oilers and Jackets trade partners?
2737,nhl,,Campbell is out there proving Don Cherry wrong
2738,nhl,,Vasilevskiy stands tall as Lightning advance past Panthers
2739,nhl,,I decided to turn Auston Matthews 41 Goal Season into an Audio/Visual Album. PAPI
2740,nhl,,A cool NHL Quarter I found
2741,nhl,"&gt; 2022 Cup Finals, Pens vs Caps, game 7
&gt; both Crosby and Ovechkin retire after the season
&gt; score is 99-99, after 99 overtimes
&gt; refs announce the 100th OT will be determined by a fight between captains at center ice
&gt; Ovi and Crosby duke it out with their teams' chance for a cup on the line, while simultaneously putting an end to the Ovi vs Crosby debates for good.",The Ultimate Cup Finals Scenario
2742,nhl,,Shout-out to Barry Trotz for taking this core deep again in the playoffs. Such a playoffs beast.
2743,nhl,,Drone footage of the construction of the new Islanders arena
2744,nhl,Posted the vid of Campbell playing with a broken leg. I get it you shouldn't throw popcorn on a multii millionair sports figure. But I also think he shouldn't have left the game with a minor injury.,Got banned from nba for making fun of westbook
2745,nhl,,"less than 500 years ago, the only people living in Canada were the Aboriginal people of Canada. ""Aboriginal"" means the original inhabitants, the people who were here 1st..."
2746,nhl,"Hey all. I'm working on a paper for an analytics class and I'm looking to see if there is any stat that exists that tracks a teams success rate on breaking the puck out of the zone. Has anyone ever heard of it. Basically what I'm trying to do is see if a teams ability to break the puck out cleanly, directly correlates to their success, and if so, to what degree.","Working on a project for an analytics class, looking for help."
2747,nhl,,"“I’m proud of where I come from. I’m proud to be from Ochapowace First Nation. I’m not just doing this for myself. I’m doing this for all people of colour &amp; for the next generation.” -Ethan Bear Here’s my portrait of Ethan Bear, let’s all support one another and end racism."
2748,nhl,,How do the 2 players know they are going to fight? It seems like they throw down their gloves at the exact same time. Do they skate out and say it or is it usually premeditated beforehand?
2749,nhl,"I am curious to see other people’s lists/opinions on the top remaining goalies, strictly based off of their 21’ playoff performance so far. My eye is on Ilya Sorokin who had an impeccable 4 outings against Pittsburgh. Who is everyone else looking out for to keep the puck out of the net?",Top Goalies Left in 2021 Postseason
2750,nhl,,I can’t be the only one who noticed this…
2751,nhl,,This would be insane (via albyox on Twitter)
2752,nhl,,Late Night Meme I made the other day to numb the pain after Round 1 KO.
2753,nhl,,Home - News Collection Latest Marathi News Breaking News Top Marathi News
2754,nhl,,"Crazy amount of upsets already in the 2021 playoffs. 4 of the 5 teams to advance were the lower seeded team. #1 Colorado, #5 Boston, #6 Winnipeg, #6 Tampa Bay, #8 New York"
2755,nhl,,Tom Wilson Memes that never ends
2756,nhl,,Tom Wilson can’t get a break
2757,nhl,"Obviously we’d be talking about someone who was either off for medical reasons, or perhaps a player who retired or was bumped down to a lower league but then came back to the NHL. I’m also guessing that this is a period of years.
Does anyone know?","Can anyone tell me which player has the longest period of time between NHL games, and how long was it?"
2758,nhl,[removed],เครื่องเสียง - ของแท้ 100% การันตีคืนเงิน 5000
2759,nhl,,Famous Owens.
2760,nhl,,Tampa wins the battle of Florida; Will they face Carolina or Nashville next?
2761,nhl,,Two teams left in the East division. Who moves on?
2762,nhl,,We’ve got a game 7.
2763,nhl,,Humpty Dumpty
2764,nhl,That was legit the worst call I have ever witnessed in NHL history and lead to a free powerplay and goal by Minnesota. The refs and the support staff responsible for making that decision should be fired and never be allowed to officiate an NHL game ever again.,Goaltender Interference Call - Golden Knights vs Minnesota
2765,nhl,"What Happend to Sweden? Years ago Sweden where one of the best nations behind USA, Canada, Russia, Finland and Czech. But nowdays Sweden is even worse than UK, Belarus, Denmark, Norway, Latvia etc. How did this happen?",What ever happend to Sweden?
2766,nhl,,lol..... oilers
2767,nhl,,Lightning Strikes
2768,nhl,,Goose egg
2769,nhl,,The sinking boat for the panthers. I hope that next year it will be better
2770,nhl,,Some OC to numb the pain
2771,nhl,,No penguin in New York!
2772,nhl,"So the top two seeds in the East couldn’t get out of the 1st round. Not saying that Ovi and Crobsy should retire, but I think those two teams are gonna need to make some big changes if want to contend for the cup next season, especially that neither team could advance for the third straight year.",Both the Pens and the Caps are gone!
2773,nhl,"I am getting nauseous. This guy is all over the map. Quick zoom in, back out, in, out, shuffle left, shuffle up, etc. There is better camera work in porn.",Who the hell is running the camera for Isles vs Pens?
2774,nhl,,I feel bad for Pens fans.
2775,nhl,"Is it just me or does Vasilevskiy's chest pad look huge? 

I'm not acusing him of cheating or anything, I'm a huge fan. It just looks so big compared to other goalies out there.",The Big Cat
2776,nhl,,Wild VGK game tonight! Any good spots in San Fran to watch it at i.e. bar that doesn't suck??
2777,nhl,"  

Just came across this on Twitter – this one looks like a sleeping giant highly recommend checking this out.   
 

less than a month old and endorsed by pro athletes with an ATH over 800k before the “great market crash” 

[https://purplepenguinfinance.medium.com/zach-boychuk-joins-team-purple-penguin-2e2c8d4acecc](https://purplepenguinfinance.medium.com/zach-boychuk-joins-team-purple-penguin-2e2c8d4acecc)

Charitable donations to aquatic sustainability initiatives.   
 Ethically sourced stuffed animals for kids.   
 

Curated NFT Marketplace to support artists.  
 

Penguin NFT Adoption Gamification.  
 

Arctic Metaverse for NFT displaying, live streams, mini-games, events, &amp; more  
 

Founder Doxxed, Experienced Connected Team, Community Owned, Charity, Rewards to holders  
 

\#playitforward  
 \#diamondbeaks",Zach Boychuk joins the lineup at Purple Penguin charity - $PEBBBLE
2778,nhl,"anybody can join but maybe just for isles fans.

&amp;#x200B;

[https://isles-for-cup.fandom.com/f](https://isles-for-cup.fandom.com/f)",want to join my wiki?
2779,nhl,,"When your sugar daddy wants knucks, but you’re unsure if he’s gonna get you that new purse"
2780,nhl,Montreal can’t score and McDavid can make people around him better. Don’t know how long Weber has but he can lead the team. Their D is still really good. Go on the market get a goalie for half the price ie Anderson cause he’s the only one I know that isn’t signed next year. With Edmonton they have the scoring I can give the list but I couldn’t spell half the names keep the Nug they are a super offense team but can get our score 4-3 or 5-4. Price will help. Edm can also go for an all in mentality for a couple of years. Just a thought like I said with or with out assets. Food for thought.,Just throwing it out there to the armchair GMs out there but having a feeling both Conor McDavid and Carey Price don’t want to be where they are. With maybe other assets a trade Price for McDavid
2781,nhl,Does anyone know when the round 2 schedule will be released? Thanks in advance!,Round 2 Schedule
2782,nhl,,Kadri appealing...
2783,nhl,"Firstly, I'll almost always be of the opinion that 20 years old is too young to be a captain. Naming him that 5 years ago was a mistake and 5 years later, I didn't see a captain out there. No one is going to take anything from McDavid. He's one of the best to ever play the game and is in the talks for best all time. But being really good at hockey doesn't make you a leader of men. Being really good at hockey doesn't make men want to rally behind you, and sacrifice everything for the cause. 

Remember when the Flyers went all the way to the finals, including a 3- 0 down comeback? Who were the top talents on the team- Richards, Carter, Gagne, Briere and a really young giroux. None of those guys come even close to  McDavid Draisaitl. But why did they go far? Because Mike Richards was an absolute savage that rallied the boys to make some magic happen. 

Think of that clip that's going around where McDavid is talking crap about Puljarvi to the coaches. Do you think a captain would deal with it that way? Or would they go right up to Puljarvi and call him on his shit, and then inspire him? I'm sorry but what I saw In this series was a much more united Winnipeg team, with heart on their shoulder guys like Scheiffele and ehler, vs a talented but isolated McDavid draisaitl Smith. 

The point of this post is that if McDavid had a 2010 Mike Richards on the team, and his only goal was to light the lamp, this would be a much better team. He would be able to focus on what he does best-creating plays and scoring opportunities. Let someone else handle the responsibility of firing up the squad.",Is McDavid not leadership material?
2784,nhl,"As title says, this is an extremely basic analysis of GF vs. GA in the regular season and how it is affecting the current playoffs.  I found it interesting and decided to share.  There is obviously a lot more that goes into these numbers, for example does Colorado truly have a better defense than Boston or is lack of quality opponents a factor?  Does Vegas truly have a top defense or is goaltending saving them?  Do the Isles really have that bad an offense or is playing good defenses a factor?  Etc.  That can all be stated for every team so please bear that in mind.  When I say this is basic, I mean it, but it can be a starting point for a more advanced analysis, which I do plan to do once the playoffs are over and all data is in.

So here is GA and GF in the regular season and how they affect standings in the playoffs:

* 8 of 8 teams with better GA's are winning or have won their series
   * Colorado - 3rd in GA past St. Louis 19th in GA
   * Las Vegas - 1st in GA leading Minnesota 15th in GA
   * Toronto - 8th in GA leading Montreal 18th in GA
   * Winnipeg - 10th in GA past Edmonton 11th in GA
   * NYI - 2nd in GA leading Pittsburgh 13th in GA
   * Boston - 4th in GA past Washington 17th in GA
   * Carolina - 5th in GA leading Nashville 12th in GA
   * Tampa Bay - 6th in GA leading Florida 9th in GA

&amp;#x200B;

* 4 of 8 teams with better GF's are winning or have won their series
   * ***Colorado - 1st in GF past St. Louis 13th in GF***
   * ***Las Vegas - 3rd in GF leading Minnesota 8th in GF***
   * ***Toronto - 6th in GF leading Canadians 17th in GF***
   * Edmonton - 7th in GF lost to Winnipeg 12th in GF
   * Pittsburgh - 2nd in GF trailing NYI 21st in GF
   * Washington - 4th in GF lost to Boston 14th in GF
   * ***Carolina - 11th in GF leading Nashville 22nd in GF***
   * Florida - 5th in GF trailing Tampa Bay 9th in GF",A very basic data analysis of importance of offense vs. defense.
2785,nhl,,"Zach Boychuk joins crypto charity for a better world! Wants to help raise funds for you, kids around the world, and OUR planet"
2786,nhl,,"“The Great One” Wayne Gretzky, Kenny Albert &amp; Eddie Olczyk Join the Turner Sports NHL Team"
2787,nhl,Does anyone remember the Habs player from the early 2000’s who got their wrist/forearm run over by a skate during a game? Was telling my friend about this injury and can’t remember the players name.,Need help: Montreal Canadiens player from early 2000’s
2788,nhl,,I'm disappointed with the Canadiens-Go HABS GO
2789,nhl,Why don't you guys do the simple thing that all other subreddits do which is having a pinned game thread for each game so people can comment and discuss.,Why are there no game threads?
2790,nhl,"The last time the Leafs shutout the Canadians in the playoffs they won the cup.....

Go Leafs Go!!!!!!",Leafs 4-0!!! Just want to throw this out there
2791,nhl,,Teehee. I'm a stinker!
2792,nhl,,Did Ron MacLean make a gay joke tonight?
2793,nhl,,Referee Wes McCauley explaining what Tristan Jarry did in overtime last night that led to the Josh Bailey game winning winning goal.
2794,nhl,,Montreal fans right now
2795,nhl,,I can't believe it. But yeah!
2796,nhl,,"Wayne Gretzky is stepping down as Edmonton Oilers vice chairman and joining TNT in a analyst role next? BAH GAWD, KING!"
2797,nhl,,ACCEPT THE DOOOOOOOGGGEEEE!!!!
2798,nhl,"The NBA has 1-2 days between playoff games, occasionally 3 later on in the playoffs as they get closer to the end of the year. It keeps their players fresh and makes sure that they get the best product in the time where a major part of their revenue is made. I would think the same thing would be true for the NHL. Instead they treat it like it's the regular season grind. The Olympics are months away, there isn't a need to rush so that NBC doesn't have to decide whether to show rythymic gymnastics or game 6 of the Stanley Cup Final. The Canadian teams are only 3 or 4 days behind, can anyone give me a reason why the NHL is doing this?",Why Is The NHL Having Back-to-Back Games Now?
2799,nhl,"Have always been curious why people became fans of the teams they cheer for. 

For me, it’s the Chicago Blackhawks. I was born and raised a Hawks fan by my dad. He became one as a kid when Bobby Hull visited his class (Bobby’s aunt was my dads teacher).",Which team do you cheer for and why?
2800,nhl,,Ovechkin on Capitals contract talks: 'I want to finish my career here'
2801,nhl,"So.....bit of an open ended question I know but I'm wanting to start watching the NHL but I got to pick a team to support. It's the rules of sport. Thing is I don't know anything about hockey just yet so thought I would pose this to Reddit. 

I'm a Brit and I follow football (soccer to Americans ) and my club here is Everton. To sum them up, traditionally a big club , won major things in the past but recently had a barren run trophy wise,  haven't won anything since  1995.  We were a giant in the 80s though. Got some investment in recent years and wasted it and no better off but things are looking positive with a world class manager and hopefully an upturn of form and maybe a trophy. 

So who is the NHL Everton? I'd love to follow a team that is just like my club!",Who is the NHL Everton?
2802,nhl,"Seriously, I know it’s not the NBA and guys don’t try to force their way out of certain situations. However, I feel like the guy should pull a Rodgers and get the hell of of Dodge.","What would a Mcdavid trade even look like and given his whale of a contract, would there be a better environment for him than the one he’s in now?"
2803,nhl,,Vs the Jets aswell 😂 MacKinnon &gt; McDavid
2804,nhl,-sorokin (probably),God my back hurts
2805,nhl,"As I’ve highlighted in the title, this is an honest question. I’m a recent hockey fan and I just cannot understand how on earth a team with 2 of the 5 or 7 best players in the league can get swept by an average team like the Jets. Are McDavid and Draisaitl chokers? Does their defense suck? Is Mike Smith a bad goalie? Is coaching a big problem? I need explanations",[HONEST QUESTION] Why do the Oilers suck?
2806,nhl,,I think McDavid should appeal the 2015 draft lottery
2807,nhl,,McDavid versus
2808,nhl,"Good Morning,

The other day my friend and I made a podcast about the playoffs and this topic was brought up. Jordan Binnington is Taylor Swift in regard to career/player development.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

**To get started lets take a look at why:**

&amp;#x200B;

[A serious conversation.](https://preview.redd.it/r2l01urkea171.png?width=1339&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=c978ee7ea81bda30f5b38980b7973b8aed98c0f0)

Jordan Binnington seems to have made a few transitions in his career. As has Taylor swift. These two mega-stars have been paralleling each-other and I think after this presentation you will agree with me that this is very true, as well as agree that the future is bright for Stanley Cup winning Goaltender Jordan Binnington.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

**Phase 1: The Beginning of Stardom.**

&amp;#x200B;

[The Rookie and The Future.](https://preview.redd.it/gc65trthea171.png?width=1619&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=ed78db5e5d771cd29b4c688afd3934664e5e22fc)

When Jordan Binnington started his career he was just like Taylor Swift in the beginning of her music career. As a rookie he had a lot of potential. Turning lots of heads and creating a lot of buzz. Everyone knew he was going to be a star. Just as Taylor had the same buzz around her and her music. Seasoned hockey players/musicians knew that if they played their cards right that they would be a mega star after a few years.  Both played to win while keeping their roots in tact and it showed with their gameplay/music. It wouldn't take long for both of these talented rookies to break into the Show/Starlight. And boy howdy did they. Which brings us to our next phase.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

**Phase 2: The Breakout.**

&amp;#x200B;

[The Mega-Stars.](https://preview.redd.it/5jmxywffea171.png?width=1744&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=e8896dc7d09e1f6db34e18a6dbe80e5b8a7bae22)

It was only a matter of time before these two broke out of their Rookie shells and indeed became the mega stars that they are now. Taylor quickly took her stardom and ran with it creating music that rocked the world with its lyrics, speaking to millions. The same goes for Jordan Binnington as be broke out of the minors and into The Show. With the Blues on his back he fought the St Louis Blues out of their bad first half of the season to not only make it to the playoffs, but win the entire damn thing. His Stanley Cup performance rocked the world with his gameplay and indeed also spoke to millions. This is the moment these stars were born for.

&amp;#x200B;

As we all know in Hollywood/Hockey you must adapt to stay relevant. Different styles of gameplay/music along with a change in demeanor can do wonders for career longevity. Hockey/Music is a mind game at times so they both had to make a drastic change. Which brings us to Phase 3.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

**Phase 3: The Bad Boy/Girl.**

Binnington/Taylor had gone through some hardships in their rise to the top. People trying to get in their way, obstacles to overcome, what have you... Phase 3 is what I consider to be current Binnington which I like to call the ""Look what you made me do."" Phase.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

[Badness ensues.](https://preview.redd.it/rmmkusbcea171.png?width=1991&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=baea9f0fdd0f3b88aaaeecdd9161f0ff5c58d0d9)

&amp;#x200B;

This year Binnington had a chip on his shoulder. All season we talked on this subreddit about Binnington throwing ""punches"" at opposing players. Hes been playing like a man on fire with his goaltending and his wild ""punches"". The same was for Taylor. Kanye rushed the stage after her Grammy win over Beyonce and she wasn't going to take that lying down. She came out swinging with ""Look what you made me do"". A chip on her shoulder that could only be matched by a goaltender in St Louis a few years later.

In these playoffs Grubauer punched one of his teammates and Binnington, like T-Swift, decided that enough is enough.  He rushed Grubauer with a vengeance and had to be held back by the referees.

Lets look at these lyrics from the T-Swift song.

*I don't like your little games*

*Don't like your tilted stage*

*The role you made me play of the fool*

*No, I don't like you*

If that isn't directly related to Grubauer, I don't know what is. This is further driven home if you add his name after each line.

*I don't like your little games, Philipp Grubauer*

*Don't like your tilted stage, Philipp Grubauer*

*The role you made me play of the fool, Mr. Grubauer*

*No, I don't like you, Philipp*

&amp;#x200B;

Goosebumps.

&amp;#x200B;

With Taylor ahead of Jordan in this phase this begs the question...

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

[Who knows?](https://preview.redd.it/eazq4uzaea171.png?width=2057&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=e0e132183ca1863bc9afcc46b8e5a962c1ff671d)

&amp;#x200B;

After looking at both careers this far we are in to deep to not wildly speculate what is next for Binnington. With how they have Paralleled eachother so far there is only one logical explanation on what will happen with our boy next.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

**Phase 4: The Future.**

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

[Looking good.](https://preview.redd.it/mp2tx9k7ea171.png?width=1509&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=d9bd1147ac436c66a7901a87b6a5f835dbeaa5c7)

&amp;#x200B;

The only logical next step for Jordan is to go into his Sexy Time Phase. Taylor ditched her good girl roots long ago, but wasn't done there. She transitioned yet again into a sexy starlet. With how the past has panned out, Binnington is soon to follow.

I can only assume that his goalie pants might be shorter next season to show off more upper thigh. His socks may turn into fishnet socks. His skates will have high heeled boots fixed to them. His helmet will have quaffed and teased blonde curly hair to distract opponents. He will hire equally as distracting/sexy backup dancers to sit in the seats behind the glass directly behind him to further distract his opponents and Pierre McGuire.

I, for one, am very excited for this career transition and truly hope that he continues to rock the world just as his career twin Taylor Swift does.

**The End.**

&amp;#x200B;

If you've made it this far, well done. You, like Binnington/T-Swift, are a trooper.

If you would like to see this all again, but in video form, here is the clip where we discuss this topic on our Podcast.

[https://youtu.be/jWDgMweNqKA](https://youtu.be/jWDgMweNqKA)","Jordan Binnington is Taylor Swift, a technical analysis."
2809,nhl,,Blue Jackets 1C search
2810,nhl,,NHL players won’t miss the Zoom post game interviews . Blake wheeler “ turn on your WiFi “
2811,nhl,I saw a lot of people complain about how late the oilers-jets game went and how they want to go to sleep. Meanwhile when I want to watch a game it usually just starts at 1am,The struggle of being an european nhl fan
2812,nhl,,Leafs giving it their all for JT
2813,nhl,Nice sweep McDavid 😂,MacKinnon &gt; McDavid
2814,nhl,WHY TF DOES JARRY SUCK SO BAD!,THE PENS
2815,nhl,,"How ""Chelsea Dagger"" became the Hawks' goal song"
2816,nhl,,So... the Flames have won more games since the playoffs started than the Oilers
2817,nhl,,"Edmonton, ya blew it"
2818,nhl,/s,So uh.. anyone know who won the Oil/Jets game?
2819,nhl,,Made a Gritty Flyer Girl. I’m going to try to make one for each team. Any suggestions/ideas for the next ones would be great!
2820,nhl,,Watching the Jets-Oilers series like
2821,nhl,,Watching Jets-Oilers series like
2822,nhl,,"Six years ago, I screencapped the exact moment Conor McDavid was officially drafted by the Oilers"
2823,nhl,,How Winnipeg beat Edmonton
2824,nhl,,Did it a without even a single #1 pick
2825,nhl,,Maybe next year Connor
2826,nhl,,Get the broom
2827,nhl,,It took 3OT periods but the Jets complete the sweep over the Oilers!
2828,nhl,,2 am but man was that a fun game
2829,nhl,4-3,The Edmonton Oilers have been swept by the Winnipeg Jets in triple overtime and are officially eliminated from the 2021 NHL Playoffs.
2830,nhl,"To anyone who’s up watching this Oilers/Jets game with me, anyone else notice the refs put the whistles away completely?",Whistles Away
2831,nhl,I'm seeing this on the Oilers/Jets game,"What is a ""NURSE SHIFT""?"
2832,nhl,,Broadcaster telling it like it is!💩
2833,nhl,,That hurt watching
2834,nhl,Holy fuck his beanbag just took a rocket that probably would have found orbit.,Just putting out good vibes for Wheels...
2835,nhl,"Yeah, it's more intense. But seeing the star players get manhandled and abused without drawing penalties makes it way less fun to watch than the regular season. If it would've been a penalty in the regular season, call it in the playoffs. Don't change how a game is played when the games matter the most. So stupid.",Unpopular Opinion: Playoff Hockey is not fun to watch.
2836,nhl,,McDavid reaction to Jets tying the game in the third
2837,nhl,,This is how I imagine it’s going for y’all
2838,nhl,,Wild knight live stream?
2839,nhl,"I see banners that say ""miss these seats, get vaccinated.""
Why don't they let vaccinated fans in the building? Do the plan to do so next round?",Why does Canada still not allow fans?
2840,nhl,"Some of the best goal scores in the league, have (mostly) been righties (Ex: Ovechkin, Brett Hull, Stamkos, Yzerman, Selanne etc), but not many lefties come to mind. Who do you think of when you think best lefty one timers/goal scores past or present?",Who has the best lefty one timer/shot? Past or present.
2841,nhl,"For a guy whose supposedly a third stringer, Spencer Knight is looking a Veniza Trophy contender if they judged it off only one game. With the exception of an early goal, he’s stopped pretty much everything Tampa has thrown at him including a Power Play.",Where did Florida find Spencer Knight?
2842,nhl,,"Wahlstrom (NYI) scary fall, leaves game"
2843,nhl,,I want to be as unbothered as Auston Matthews
2844,nhl,,I want to be as unbothered as Auston Matthews
2845,nhl,,Can’t wait for the next Steve’s Dang-Its
2846,nhl,,I can’t wait for the next steaks dang-its
2847,nhl,,Can you spot the difference?
2848,nhl,,Forever a Leafs fan but why does their starting line look like a bunch of dudes you’d find buying drugs in an alley?
2849,nhl,,Nhl
2850,nhl,"To be honest, I wish Wilson could have played a game against the Jets during the playoffs. I doubt he would have gotten away with crap like he did to Pinarin with guys like Lowry and Stanley around. 
Fyi I'm a Jets fan so im biased sorry LOL",Tom Wilson
2851,nhl,...,Mackinnon is so much better than McDavid 😂
2852,nhl,,Leafs fans this playoffs
2853,nhl,"Hi /r/nhl - I'm working on a sports gambling project and looking to collect some data.

If folks in the community could please answer this 2-3 min survey, it would be a massive help.

Survey link: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/QCN3QGZ

Thanks in advance!",Sports wagering survey - looking for data
2854,nhl,"Is there a way to know what teams have what number picks in the NHL Draft in the NHL 20 game, and if so, how",About the Game NHL 20
2855,nhl,,Is there a hockey team known for having the best fans?
2856,nhl,So I watched game 3 and 4 between Carolina and the Predators and was really really entertained. I don’t know much about hockey so if y’all can help me out that would be nice. I’m a soccer guy so hockey is totally out of my radar.,A new NHL viewer who wants some insight on the game and interesting facts and stories.
2857,nhl,Can a team resign one of their own recent UFA or do they have to wait until July 28?,UFA Question...
2858,nhl,I’m curious who you all follow on Twitter for NHL news.,Twitter News
2859,nhl,,Edmonton??
2860,nhl,I believe it’s mcdavid. Who y’all got?,Best player in the NHL
2861,nhl,"Based on what you’ve seen so far, who do you think is winning the cup this year?",Stanley Cup predictions?
2862,nhl,"Everybody wins! We get to see McDavid and Draisaitl actually win a playoff game, and no more draft picks means Oilers fans never have to listen to anyone call their team a career graveyard again!",[Shitpost] The NHL should stop allowing Edmonton to participate in the Entry Draft and force a trade of McDavid and Draisaitl
2863,nhl,Anyone having any issues with [NHL.com](https://NHL.com) not scoring a bracket? I have one bracket in my league that had both Bruins and Avalanche advancing and did not update and shows the score as 0 even though other brackets have it correctly.,NHL.com Hockey Bracket Challenge Issue
2864,nhl,,Expect the Unexpected... totally thought the Oilers had it..
2865,nhl,,I made a player stat card website as a weekend project. Tell me what you think!
2866,nhl,"Why not Seattle? If most competitive teams are up against the cap, Seattle will be able to absolutely pay you the most, AND like Florida it's a state with no income tax, which is going to make it very appealing for free agents and likely ensure the team will be perennially competitive. You care about the goals record? Yeah, go feast on some Pacific division goaltending/defense.

One would think that Seattle couldn't possibly be as competitive as Vegas right away, in the sense that general manager surely wouldn't let themselves be fleeced in the same ways.  I'm not necessarily expecting it, but it wouldn't surprise me.  A lot of things that benefited Vegas are going to benefit Seattle because of the last two years of cap crunch.  There should be some decent free agents, including franchise goaltending options, which in this scenario Seattle could hypothetically be the highest bidder for.

I'm not a Seattle fan, but I was just thinking today that this move would make the most sense to me if I were ovi.  Where would *you* sign?","If you were ovechkin and decided to leave Washington, where would you go?"
2867,nhl,"For those that have signed up for the Bracket Challenge on NHL, is it me or have they not updated the scoring yet with the Bruins and Avalanche advancing to the 2nd round? Half of the brackets in my league have been updated and the other show 0 that picked these 2 teams to advance.",NHL.com Bracket Challenge
2868,nhl,,Montreal and Leafs fans right now
2869,nhl,,Lose the second round please
2870,nhl,"I have a question. Should I make a poster with all the Washington Capitals on it from over the years?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/njxv5u)",Should I?
2871,nhl,"[https://www.geoguessr.com/challenge/kym1wHFvszWX3PlN](https://www.geoguessr.com/challenge/kym1wHFvszWX3PlN)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/njsu7g)",2:16 AM 2021-05-24
2872,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/njr0tz)",#nhl
2873,nhl,,David Pastrňák Undresses the Washington defense on a great goal
2874,nhl,,Hello!
2875,nhl,,Bring out the brooms
2876,nhl,"It's one of the worst feelings in the world to watch your team with a 4-1 lead in the third just get overwhelmed. I feel for you Edmonton pals, hang in there. At least it wasn't a game 7.

From the outside looking in, it's a really fun hockey storyline and can't wait to see how the rest of this series goes.","As a Leafs fan, watching the Jets' comeback tonight made me feel sick to my stomach."
2877,nhl,,Rent free
2878,nhl,"It's infuriating that they are $17 million over the cap right now. I get it's a legal loophole, so to speak, but it's shady as fuck. (I also know other teams have done it.) I can understand a couple million but they are playing with an additional 18% cap hit. That's like the salaries of two elite players. 

So what do they do next season?",Question because I really don't know: what does Tampa Bay do in the offseason...they're millions over the cap with like 14 players signed???
2879,nhl,,What does incompetent mean?
2880,nhl,,What does baffled mean?
2881,nhl,,Oil r fuk!
2882,nhl,,Oil r done!
2883,nhl,,"Two eliminations today, who’s winning the other series in each division?"
2884,nhl,,Two eliminations today! Who’s winning the other series in either division?
2885,nhl,,It feels good to know that someone else got the 5-1 treatment.
2886,nhl,"Look at that fucking come back from the JETS JUST NOW. Three goals behind halfway through the period, OT finish. One of the most beautiful comebacks I’ve seen in so long. God damnit I love hockey. How cool:)",Want to know how you wanna win a game (caps)
2887,nhl,,Tom Wilson’s been suspended
2888,nhl,"In the Washington game (not really a fan so didn't catch the guys name) someone made contact/hit Rask, I feel that should have been goal tender interference? If interference is not called how long must the opposing team wait before scoring a goal for the goal to be good?",Goal tender interference?
2889,nhl,,Who else has a playoff pup?
2890,nhl,"Syke, pee your pants loser.",We miss you Mike Milbury.
2891,nhl,,Bruins Attack!!
2892,nhl,,Too soon?
2893,nhl,,Checking in on Zdeno Chara right now
2894,nhl,,"Bye Tom Wilson, glad you’re not a danger to anyone else this season."
2895,nhl,,"If you disagree, it’s just a joke"
2896,nhl,,Zach Kassian doing what he does best
2897,nhl,"This is total bullshit, i paid money for this and cancelled cable. Can anyone help me?",Why tf cant i watch postseason games on nhl tv
2898,nhl,,"Can we please start allowing a puck that hits the netting to play on? It's no different than hitting the glass, if it stays in play let it play!"
2899,nhl,,Can we please let the play continue when the pick hits the net? It's no different than hitting the glass - if it stays in play let it play!
2900,nhl,,"A man of focus, commitment and sheer f*cking will."
2901,nhl,,To: Canadians
2902,nhl,Does anyone know what the record is for consecutive games scoring an empty net goal??,Empty net goals???
2903,nhl,"If, theoretically, a team were to employ conjoined twins to play in goal together, would they count as one player or two?",Conjoined Twins in Goal?
2904,nhl,Always considered Bergeron as someone who plays the game the right way. Do other fans see him the same way?,How is Bergeron seen outside of Boston?
2905,nhl,,Canada only allowing back up goalies and the Bud Light Seltzer man to attend games
2906,nhl,,goodbye the blues
2907,nhl,,"Saros made 58 SAVES AGAINST THE CANES, THAT'S A HATPICK!"
2908,nhl,"i’m a new hockey fan. i’ve been trying to understand recent hockey history (last 20 years or so) but i’ve been having problems finding things about it (players, dynasties etc.) any suggestions to find info?",nhl recent history
2909,nhl,,Let’s go.
2910,nhl,"I'm writing a little Essay about Lehner, him up bringing and jureny during and after his addiction. I remember watching an interview with him where he stated that if a NHL player had reached out simular issues as Lehner he wouldnt recomend them to go pubilic with it or let it be known arouynd the leage as no team offered him any contract longer than 1 year after he went public even tho he put up incredible numbers (I'm parafrasing OFC).

I remember watching it and hearing him say it but I can't remember where if anyof you know please share!

PS might have been in a swedish interview

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks!",where did Lehner Talk about regreting going public with his adiction problems?
2911,nhl,"I'm realatively new to nhl and I really like the Habs, Oilers and Avalanches equally. Is that tolerated in the nhl community?",Is it tolerated to cheer for 3 teams?
2912,nhl,,Keep dumping them loads
2913,nhl,,Everytime
2914,nhl,"I’m attempting to get into hockey and I know very little. I know Vegas has had a lot of success. I don’t even know most of the rules, but I’m excited to start and grow the same time as a new time. All I know is baseball currently (Cub fan). So what can I expect in the first season?",What can I expect from the Kraken’s first year?
2915,nhl,,IF ANYONE CAN BOUNCE BACK ITS MCNUGGETS!! LOSE TONIGHT THERES NO GOING BACK THE OILERS
2916,nhl,,An NHL computer wallpaper i made
2917,nhl,,The cycle of life continues
2918,nhl,,Phil?
2919,nhl,"This is my first NHL video game so I’m curious if they will or not, sorry if this doesn’t belong here I couldn’t find an actual subreddit for the video games",Will you be able to play the Stanley Cup finals in NHL 21 like Madden does with the Super Bowl?
2920,nhl,"Obviously, I want the Habs to win, but from a realistic, analytical standpoint, who has the best shot in each conference to make it to the Stanley cup finals, and ultimately win?",Who is most likely to win the Stanley Cup this year?
2921,nhl,,The absolute best part of liking an expansion team
2922,nhl,,Montreal fans getting so mad about the loss
2923,nhl,"It’s 2021. We can pretend that we still live in the 90s and look away but enough is enough. With the hot mic episode with Tim Peel, it’s obvious that the refs have more control over the flow than they should. “Crappy” penalty after “crappy” penalty is called all season long. And then as soon as we enter post season, all the rules go out the window. What’s the point? I’ve always hated it but now with the evidence, it needs to stop. Refs need to call games in the post season just like they do in the regular season. Slashes to wrists and back of legs all game long, along with cross checks to the lower back over and over again, is the reason these teams end up playing with half an NHL roster come Stanley Cup. My wife hates me for it but I don’t miss a single game of my favorite team all season long. So don’t come here pretending I’m some simp baseball fan that only watches playoff hockey. I’m 35, played organized hockey until I was 22, and now coach youth hockey. Hockey is in my blood and for me to see how much these refs really f*ck so much stuff up come post season is just down right disheartening. 

Ok. If any of you wasted your time reading this then you at least half way agree with me. And for the others, thanks for reading a 35 year old heads rant that just is salty his team lost last night. Lol. But for real. Start calling the post season like regular season.",Playoff officiating needs to be address.
2924,nhl,,"Out of the remaining players with no visor, which one do you think will be the last left in the league?"
2925,nhl,"Some popular examples are Cooke, Wilson, and Marshand.",Do players target other players that are notorious for playing dirty?
2926,nhl,"Some popular examples are Cooke, Wilson, and Marshand.",Do players target other players that are notorious for posting dirty?
2927,nhl,"As everyone watching Game 1 of the playoffs series between the Leafs and the Habs saw, JT had blood all over his face and visor. I just can't understand how it could have happened considering the type of injury he sustained. Can anyone explain? I only became interested in hockey in February so I'm not super knowledgeable on injuries.",Question: Why did John Tavares bleed after getting hit by Perry?
2928,nhl,"And in the Wild's house, no less!",VEGAS BABY!!!
2929,nhl,,"[Matt Larkin]Imagine sitting at home miserable for three months, quarantined… Being told ""You will get to watch a crazy 24-team NHL playoff tournament on TV soon""… And your reaction is to complain about the format"
2930,nhl,,Is this the end of the Wield
2931,nhl,,How many goals did Toronto win by?
2932,nhl,,I saw the post earlier about Brian Rafalski’s incredible 2003 season and found out Patrik Eliáš had one just 3 years earlier!
2933,nhl,,Toronto went hard tonight
2934,nhl,,Disappointment
2935,nhl,,Terrible overturned call on that Wild goal!!
2936,nhl,"Does anyone else think that this series should be on national markets at prime times?  Two games in a row on NHL network and now CNBC.  At the least, today's game should have been on NBC.  The first one on NBCSN.  How long has it been since these teams met in the playoffs?  A huge rivalry, and they choose to not highlight it?  I am from Buffalo and hockey crazy, and think that this series should have been highlighted",NHL dropping the ball on Leafs/Canadians TV schedule
2937,nhl,,Stop fighting and get me points already!
2938,nhl,,Rumor: Nazem Kadri will not accept the NHL's massive suspension.
2939,nhl,,Jordan Eberle has the best first career goal ever. Change my mind!
2940,nhl,"I bought it to watch playoffs. Its good on PS4. But what pisses me off is thing when commercials are on. Before that ""Commercials break"" I have to see THE SAME 20 seconds clips - TOP Saves presented by NHL TV and TOP Cellys by NHL TV. Every game the same clips, every commercial break the same clips. This is what I pay for? They cant at least prepare several clips like best goals or funny situations? No, they cant. Two god damn clips. When you hear and see this 80th time in 3 games, you cant be happy.

Thanks for reading.

NHL TV is shit.",NHL TV is so poor
2941,nhl,"Seems to me that it is by far the most improved division. 

Smith is giving the oilers that extra something, the leafs got Thorton-Spezza-Simmons, which means they now have 3 top lines.

Ottawa went from being literally 31st in the league, to being closer to a wildcard slot than a lottery winner. 

Even when the jets went on their loosing streak it seemed clear to me that they were getting beat by teams that went to the next level. 

Now thanks to logan stanley and a bit of luck with poolman the jets have a serviceable D.",Can people stop pretending the Jets/Oilers/the North suck?
2942,nhl,,Is the end soon?
2943,nhl,,Never seen empty net with 10 mins left.
2944,nhl,,GO HABS GO-GAME TWO
2945,nhl,I\*d just like to ask what the f\*\*k was that call by the ref on the Kucherov breakaway. The Florida defenceman pushed him on to the panthers goalie,TBLvsFLA
2946,nhl,,"In 2003, Brian Rafalski defied the odds, winning the Stanley Cup by himself, playing all 6 positions."
2947,nhl,,Just a reminder that the Panthers are paying 10 million to this guy
2948,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ninkxb)",Which one do you like more out of these 3
2949,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ninhr0)",Which one do you guys like?
2950,nhl,,NHL All Time Points Leaders from 1918 to 2021
2951,nhl,"how else do you explain Kadri discipline vs Wilson? Both have histories of dirty play. Wilson has worse, his last hit to head was 5k fine. Kadri 8 games. Wilson is white, Kadri is not. Am I missing something?",Is DOPS and NHL racist?
2952,nhl,"Sоmе of videоs are rеlatеd to r/nhl/, sоmе skills аre really usеful, sоmе of them just fоr fun, but I knоw friеnds of minе thаt hаve wаtched his vidеos in thе lаst соuple of weеks and it has madе a rеаl positivе diffеrеncе tо their lifе. Hе dоes videоs from how tо jugglе to еvеn hоw tо рiсk а lоck with а cоuplе оf papеrclips. Very helpful stuff thаt еvеryоnе whо dоesn't hаvе enough mоtivаtion оr just wаnts to lеаrn something cооl !!!","Thеre is a Youtuber callеd ""Leоn Farаdаy"" that leаrns еverywееk a new skill. His rеlаtives раssed аway whеn he was 14, he makes videos about own ехpеrienсe оf mаstering new skills аnd аnоthеr videоs fоr pеoplе tо keеp mоtivаtion to learn and try new things, bесause wе havе оnly оnе lifе !!"
2953,nhl,"[https://www.sporcle.com/games/lyks9998/every-100-point-season-nhl](https://www.sporcle.com/games/lyks9998/every-100-point-season-nhl)

Here is a fun to test nhl knowledge.",Fun Sporcle Quiz
2954,nhl,,Zdeno Chara right about now
2955,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nigjdw)",Curious what the fans think
2956,nhl,,"It’s sad that Laffs fans still can’t grasp that despite Perry’s reputation, what happened on Thursday night was a freak accident. Perry and Foligno settled it immediately, no excuse for wishing ill on Price. Laffs fans are pathetic."
2957,nhl,Part 2,Mackinnon is better than McDavid
2958,nhl,,Lucic&gt;McDavid
2959,nhl,"These are the headlines I came home to tonight. At some point in time, the NHL has to accept that the complete lack of officiating in the playoffs and resulting injuries is entirely their fault. In the scenario I created in my mind, I can see Gary Bateman tell the refs that he doesn't care if people get hurt because it will make the league more money. This is getting disgusting.

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/bbm4j7vtpl071.png?width=700&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=1f553fdcbad76b3d35533deb624236b16f7034af",Time the refs actually started doing their job.
2960,nhl,,don’t deny it mr wilson
2961,nhl,,"Fun Fact: Jordan Binnington has not won a playoff game since game seven against Boston in the Finals on June 12th, 2019."
2962,nhl,"He's on the intermission table during the EDM/WPG game

Please don't bring him back",Why is Mike Babcock on tv?
2963,nhl,"I used to be able to search PIMS game by game to watch (what I think are the most interesting games)  events in each season. I can't find that option now, has it changed? I like to look through games with the most penalty minutes...

&amp;#x200B;

Please, also let me know if you have favorite games (high penalties or just exciting) for this season. I was unable to watch anything until now and would love to catch up.

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you!",NHL website in regards to game by game penalty minutes
2964,nhl,,They are still haunted by the ghost of Harold Ballard
2965,nhl,,"Why is the schedule so disjointed this year (I assume something about COVID) but crazy to see games 1, 2, and 3 of different series AND a regular season game on the same night."
2966,nhl,,Matthews has major Joker energy
2967,nhl,,This is how NHL player safety sees it
2968,nhl,(I.e. LaMelo Ball for NBA and Patrick Mahomes for the NFL). My money is gonna be on Auston Matthews.,I wonder who ESPNs hockey Golden Child will be
2969,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ni8ucg)",Kadri suspended 8 games
2970,nhl,"I’m not saying this as a biased Canucks fan (I’m a Isles fan) but they got a good young core with Hughes and Pettersson etc. 

I’m also curious if Vancouver is gonna riot if they win this time around.",Hot take: the Canucks win the Cup next year
2971,nhl,,"The captain in OT, Take Warning"
2972,nhl,So glad they lost their TV deal,NBC IS RIDICULOUS FOR NOT SHOWING THE AVS. INSTEAD OF BROADCASTING THE SERIES WITH THE BEST TEAM IN THE LEAGUE THEY THINK WE NEED TO WATCH AN INTERMISSION REPORT.
2973,nhl,,"Let the family wars begin, to top it off my kid is a Bruins fan and trolls us with his jerseys"
2974,nhl,,It’s always the goalie’s fault when someone on the same team slacks off.
2975,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ni7bwi)",Is Brad Marchand a future HHOFer?
2976,nhl,,Wilson cries in to his protectors arms after getting bullied by Ritchie.
2977,nhl,"Hmm, Wilson with a stick to the back of the head of a player down again... that player gets up and defends, refs separate, and another cap takes a cheap shot while defender is wrapped up by the ref and somehow caps get a power play. I don’t get it.",Wilson and gang
2978,nhl,Attacked the head of another player laying flat on the ice.,Tom Wilson does it again
2979,nhl,,Habs upset
2980,nhl,"I know his father is legendary broadcaster Marv Albert but everything about Kenny screams Android to me. His mannerisms, his personality, and the way he blankly stares at his co-broadcaster scares me. I want to enjoy hockey with my young son but Kenny freaks him out. I have to rock him to sleep every night and tell him “the hockey man can’t get you.” Please NBC I just want to watch hockey and not be freaked out.",I refuse to believe Kenny Albert is a human.
2981,nhl,"I was playing scrabble with player names, and I can't solve the words ""ohc van"". Any idea?",Help with a name
2982,nhl,,Tavares Tweet
2983,nhl,,Canada NHL Thursday night playoff ratings 3 1/2 million viewers
2984,nhl,,Thursday night NHL playoffs ratings bonanza in Canada
2985,nhl,,NHL 19-20 Playoff Sim (PS4 Stream). Low effort. 4 games/day. Full length periods. Realistic rules. True Broadcast camera.
2986,nhl,,Svech is unfamiliar with playoff vernacular
2987,nhl,We need answers,What’s up with the NHL App and having to make a pun for every single notification?
2988,nhl,,Zero class.
2989,nhl,,...whilst balancing a mini Stanley Cup on his head
2990,nhl,,NHL Playoff Pump Up
2991,nhl,,Being a Buffalo Sabres Fan Is Hard
2992,nhl,"Sоme оf vidеоs аrе relаtеd tо r/nhl/, somе skills аre rеally useful, sоme оf thеm just fоr fun, but I knоw friеnds оf mine thаt hаve wаtchеd his videоs in the lаst cоuplе оf weеks and it hаs mаdе а rеаl positivе diffеrеnсе to thеir lifе. Не doеs videоs frоm hоw tо juggle to еven hоw tо рick a lоck with a сouple оf pаperclips. Vеry helpful stuff that evеryone whо doesn't have enough mоtivаtiоn or just wants to lеаrn something сооl !","There is a Youtubеr саllеd ""Lеon Fаrаday"" thаt lеarns еvеrywеek а new skill. Нis rеlаtivеs рassеd аway when he wаs 14, he makes vidеos about own еxperiеnсe оf mastеring new skills аnd аnоther vidеos for peоplе tо kеep mоtivаtiоn tо learn and try nеw things, bесause we have only оne lifе !"
2993,nhl,am i the only one who is getting sick of everyone whining because their team cant beat the VGK? dont get mad because Vegas has a better roster in their first 5 years.,idk
2994,nhl,"And, in the Wild House. Great googly moogly!!",V.G.K That is all......
2995,nhl,"I want to go to either game 4 or game 6 in Minnesota, but I dont want to spend more than a couple hundred per ticket.  Is that possible?",Where is the cheapest place to buy tickets online?
2996,nhl,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/nhjpn9)",Stanley Cup playoffs vs. All other professional sports?
2997,nhl,,Even Foligno knew it was an accident. I know it’s frustrating but all you Leaf fans have got to accept the reality.
2998,nhl,"I’m currently watching my first NHL playoff series (penguins vs islanders) and I’d like to hear from hockey fans why the sport is not bigger than it is? This is my first time watching and I’m enjoying it a lot. I don’t get why this doesn’t resonate with more people, especially young people. I don’t understand how in the present day it’s not more popular than baseball. It’s far more entertaining. Perhaps there is no desire to be bigger, I’m just curious.",Where’s the disconnect?
2999,nhl,,GO HABS GO- WIN GAME ONE
